Please forward back with any changes you might make.	Chris - Attached is the spreadsheet shared with KPMG.. Feel free to add anything else needed for settlement.. One area that we thought you could provided a lot of insight to is the upper/lower band and parameters needed for to figure these calculations hourly, daily, monthly, annually, etc.. .. Call if you have any questions.	Call if you have any questions.	Please forward back with any changes you might make.
Please communicate with Mark Holsworth.	I agree with your proposal.	I agree with your proposal.	Please communicate with Mark Holsworth.
Andy - can you please forward this email to your book person to change these attached deals from ENA- PGL  to ENA - and the actual counterparty.			Andy - can you please forward this email to your book person to change these attached deals from ENA- PGL to ENA - and the actual counterparty.
please schedule			please schedule
Could you give me a brief description of what this is?			Could you give me a brief description of what this is?
If you could also please copy Brian and myself with that	Clement, Sara and Tana, could each of you please e-mail to Cris Sherman as soon as possible the most recent versions of the documents each of you were preparing for the prepay transaction with RBC.. I think that amendments were made yesterday to the documents to account for the bank s comments but those updated drafts were not distributed once we realized the deal wasn t going to happen for today.	I think that amendments were made yesterday to the documents to account for the bank s comments but those updated drafts were not distributed once we realized the deal wasn t going to happen for today.	If you could also please copy Brian and myself with that e-mail so each of us have the most recent versions for when we revisit the structure next week.
Please make review and if	Please see the attached Alberta PPA presenation.	Please see the attached Alberta PPA presenation.	Please make review and if you have any modifications, please get with John as soon as possible.
Could you check the work phone for Joseph Brophy.			Greetings Diane: Could you check the work phone for Joseph Brophy.
Give me a call.	Dianne,. There doesn t seem to be a new March Aeco product set up.	There doesn t seem to be a new March Aeco product set up.	Give me a call.
Please comment,	Here s my first cut at the Co-op City letter outlining the results of our meeting.. Some of the engineering numbers will be ready today, the rest by 9:00am Monday.	Some of the engineering numbers will be ready today, the rest by 9:00am Monday.	Please comment,
Brant - Can you give us an update on Badak?			Brant - Can you give us an update on Badak?
publications are available, please reply to this message with	Dear Mike,. This e-mail is automated notification of the availability of your current Natural Gas Intelligence Newsletter s .. Please use your username of mgrigsby and your password to access. NGI s Daily Gas Price Index. http://intelligencepress.com/subscribers/index.html. If you have forgotten your password please visit http://intelligencepress.com/password.html and we will send it to you.	If you have forgotten your password please visit http://intelligencepress.com/password.html and we will send it to you.	If you would like to stop receiving e-mail notifications when your publications are available, please reply to this message with REMOVE E-MAIL in the subject line.
Jeff, can you verify the mdq s in yellow below?			Jeff, can you verify the mdq s in yellow below?
Please respond to  drhunt watervalley.net	I ll be there, too.	I ll be there, too.	David Hunt drhunt watervalley.net on 06/01/2001 05:01:40 PM Please respond to drhunt watervalley.net To: Kay.Mann enron.com cc:
Please re-issue today.	Comments:. Zhiyong Wei to be added to signature lists.. Timeline to include production dates - ie include UAT and production roll-out dates.. Dependencies - where there are dependencies on other groups any interaction required with any group outside of Zheiyong s , these need to be highlighted and a representative from that group needs to sign off on that portion of the timeline a representative can not be below Director level in the organiztion .. There are clearly many people rolling off early in this project who can be utilized for Phase II - I would suggest the specfication for Phase II is completed in the very near future as the majority of the work in this is done in the very short term by the developers and it moves to the test team.	There are clearly many people rolling off early in this project who can be utilized for Phase II - I would suggest the specfication for Phase II is completed in the very near future as the majority of the work in this is done in the very short term by the developers and it moves to the test team.	Please re-issue today.
Please, give me the number of copies and I can order on your behalf at 15	Andy,	Andy,	Please, give me the number of copies and I can order on your behalf at 15 discount.
Please co-ordinate with Robert and make sure that someone	Cindy, I have addressed this previously with Jeff and Louise Kitchen.. We have no interest.	We have no interest.	Please co-ordinate with Robert and make sure that someone sends him a nice rejection letter.
Please call Ben Jacoby to get things going.	Thanks for agreeing to help.	Thanks for agreeing to help.	Please call Ben Jacoby to get things going.
Consequently, PLEASE RETAIN any and all documents, including all drafts, electronic documents, and email, that relate in any fashion to the 8K filing.	This email, directing the RETENTION OF DOCUMENTS, is being sent to employees who worked on issues relating to the 8K filed with the SEC on April 22, 2002.. In our discussions with the SEC relating to this filing, we have been requested to produce ALL DOCUMENTS that support the filing, relate to the filing, or were prepared in connection with the filing.	In our discussions with the SEC relating to this filing, we have been requested to produce ALL DOCUMENTS that support the filing, relate to the filing, or were prepared in connection with the filing.	Consequently, PLEASE RETAIN any and all documents, including all drafts, electronic documents, and email, that relate in any fashion to the 8K filing.
Please, ask Shirley to resubmit.	Jason,. There was a problem with the request.. I could not approve it the system would not let me do it .. There must have been a mistake in the way it was submitted .	There must have been a mistake in the way it was submitted .	Please, ask Shirley to resubmit.
Ben/Fred/Rebecca, could you please	Here tis. Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 03/08/2001 09:19 AM. I am working on a deal to move TurboPark equipment into Enron owned LLC s, with a simultaneous sale of 80 of the equity to a third party.. This deal is supposed to close by Jan 15, so I m getting a crash course on TurboPark and how to get stuff out of it during the early phase.. I thought I would share what I m learning, if nothing else as a form of therapy.. Attached to the email is what I believe to be the proper form of notice to take something out of TurboPark.. Five to fifteen business days notice is required.. There will be other documents involved as well:. Bill of Sale Assignment and Assumption Agreement UCC releases, if applicable UCC filings are made on all delivered equipment. I suspect a consent by the equipment seller may also be required.. More to come on this one.. As I learn more about the process I will keep you advised.. Kay. Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 01/03/2001 08:52 AM. I am attaching a revised draft notice of intent to exercise the purchase option for the equipment for the CA transactions.. We need two separate notices - one for CA I and one for CA II.	We need two separate notices - one for CA I and one for CA II.	Ben/Fred/Rebecca, could you please prepare a draft of the two exhibits?
Deborah, please print out and file.	FYI.. Status report from Watson, Farley.	Status report from Watson, Farley.	Deborah, please print out and file.
Please, register me for this.	Shirley,	Shirley,	Please, register me for this.
Please review and email Michelle your comments to this	Mr. Mackin, Michelle Cash has asked me to forward the language below to you for your comments.	Mr. Mackin, Michelle Cash has asked me to forward the language below to you for your comments.	Please review and email Michelle your comments to this paragraph.
Please use 503-464-2663 to participate in all of the meetings listed	Rod, I was asked to include you by phone in all future Risk Management Committee meetings.. Following is a list of upcoming meetings for the remainder of the year.	Following is a list of upcoming meetings for the remainder of the year.	Please use PHONE to participate in all of the meetings listed below.
Please have them executed and	Did you ever receive these documents?. If so, I need the originals.. Chris, Huber has executed the following documents today:. 1.. Trailblazer Assignment and Assumption Agreement signed add l original. 2.. Amended and Restated Transaction Agreement 2. 3.. Enfolio Master Firm Purchase / Sale Agreement replacing a previously executed fax version.. I will overnight the documents to you.	I will overnight the documents to you.	Please have them executed and return one of each for my files.
Give me a call because I really want this to happen.	Tim. I still don t see and origination line on the reports.	I still don t see and origination line on the reports.	Give me a call because I really want this to happen.
Please respond by 10 a.m. on Wednesday, November 8.	Tana/Karen:. The product long description below will fall under the new product type US Gas Phy Index Firm 3-day Flexible non-TX 1Mo 1Yr.. Credit Tom Moran has approved copying the profiles for the new product type from the following:. US Gas Phy Index Firm non-TX 1Mo 1Yr	US Gas Phy Index Firm non-TX 1Mo 1Yr	Please respond by 10 a.m. on Wednesday, November 8.
If anyone needs help facilitating this process please coordinate with Chris Lambie  974 - 6780 .	I just wanted to let everyone know our time line with respect to NGX:. May 31st - Press release to the industry that Enron s information will be included in the NGX Index starting July 1st, 2001 Rob Milnthorp .. June 15th - Enron systems are in place to transfer data to NGX Andy Zipper Jay Web .. June 30th - NGX is tested and ready to go.. July 1st - Enron s data is included!!!. !	!	If anyone needs help facilitating this process please coordinate with Chris Lambie PHONE .
CP, please followup on the 2 email failure messages and delete.			CP, please followup on the 2 email failure messages and delete.
cleared before next month and we really need your help resolving these.	Jim. In addition to the problem with Central June that I emailed you a follow-up note just a few minutes ago, we also need help resolving the following:. In October, there is a variance for NY6237.1 for 200,880.00 between the NG-Price and the Intra-Central books.. Per Phillip, there should be an offset for this and there shouldn t be a variance.. In September there are the following variances that we need help identifying: Oil-NG-H 150,239.97 Exotic-T 324,397.00. In August, there is a variance for EW4539.2 for 744,999.95 .. Per Phillip, this should be offset with leg 3 and there should not be a variance.	Per Phillip, this should be offset with leg 3 and there should not be a variance.	Jeff Gossett is adamant about getting the financial liquidation variances cleared before next month and we really need your help resolving these.
So please respond now!	IMAGE I hope this reaches you from GroupLotto!. 09 09 IMAGE 09 IMAGE 09 09 09 09 09 09 09 09 09 09 IMAGE 09 IMAGE 09 09 09 09 09 09 09 09 09 IMAGE 09 09 09 09 09 09 09 09 09 09 09 IMAGE 09 09 09 09 09 09 09 09 09 09 This is the THIRD TIME I have contacted you about thi s!. You still haven t registered and played and claimed your GUARANTEED CAS H PRIZE of up to 2,500.00 !. Please reply!. We need to hear from you!. This m ay be your last chance to claim your GUARANTEED CASH PRIZE and to win 10,0 00,000.00 and other fabulous prizes including a brand new car and a dream vacation!	This m ay be your last chance to claim your GUARANTEED CASH PRIZE and to win 10,0 00,000.00 and other fabulous prizes including a brand new car and a dream vacation!	So please respond now!
Can you check on	This is a footnote from one of the cases you sent earlier.	This is a footnote from one of the cases you sent earlier.	Can you check on this for us, too.
check this out and see what they	I apologize for the problem with the link for the 11/20/00 daily blessing...it s been fixed so if you d like to check it out again...i will repeat it.. here s todays-- Daily Blessing http://www.daily-blessings.com/bless146.htm. and yesterdays http://www.daily-blessings.com/bless145.htm. Lord s prayer http://www.daily-blessings.com/humor53.htm. I just found a really neat site that I hope you ll all check out.. With the holidays coming up it has a great idea for that person you don t know what to get...but someone you think is the greatest.	With the holidays coming up it has a great idea for that person you don t know what to get...but someone you think is the greatest.	It s called Unsung Hero and I know we all have one of those in our lives.. check this out and see what they have to offer.
in your view, please proceed with execution.	Clement, Please review the attached Guaranty as I have modified same.	Clement, Please review the attached Guaranty as I have modified same.	If acceptable in your view, please proceed with execution.
In my absence please contact Barbara for coordination of legal	Mark, Attached are rough drafts of the following documents for the noted projects:. Bay Gas Storage 1.. Draft CSA 2.. Draft Lease Agreement 3.. Draft O M Agreement. Oakhill 1.. Draft CSA 2.. Draft O M Agreement for Hanover to provide maintenance.. Please note that these are really rough based on the limited information available at this time.. I did not provide a lease agreement for Oakhill as you indicated Hanover would finance/lease the Electric Motor Drivers to ECS.. If Hanover is providing a straight lease, the lease for Bay Gas could be used.. If Hanover is providing a purchase option, the lease agreement would need to be modified for the purchase option.. My suggestion is to provide these forms to the customer with the caveat that as the commercial terms are fine tuned, these drafts will be modified.. But this gives them the basic idea.	But this gives them the basic idea.	In my absence please contact Barbara for coordination of legal support in the event you cannot wait until I return.
Call me when your	Mark,. Please double check this format of the confirmation, remove the draft statement and make fully executable and initial for me before you go home tonight.. This will be used to go before Lavorato tomorrow morning.	This will be used to go before Lavorato tomorrow morning.	Call me when your are ready and I will come by and pick it up.
225,000 and we need your help.	Thanks!!!!. That is a great start to the campaign, you re a pal.. mike. Mike,. Please put me down for 200.00.. Thanks!. MAry. It is my sincere honor to once again lead the Enron team in this year s Juvenile Diabetes Foundation JDF walk scheduled to take place on Sunday, November 5, 2000, at the Sam Houston Race Park.. I continue to serve on the board of JDF representing Enron and will be Enron s corporate executive for this year s fundraising efforts.. As many of you may already know, I am an insulin dependent diabetic myself.. Even though I know how difficult this disease can be to manage with the multiple finger pricks for blood samples and several shots each day, I cannot imagine how difficult it is for a small child with this disease.. Taking insulin does not cure the disease nor prevent the development of complications; insulin is simply their life support system and without it they would die.. Enron continues to be a major corporate sponsor for JDF again this year.. JDF is a very efficient organization in which approximately 84 of all money raised goes directly to research.	JDF is a very efficient organization in which approximately 84 of all money raised goes directly to research.	Enron s goal this year is to raise 225,000 and we need your help.
Please come to the Enron Lobby and ask for me	Christie, please tell me you don t have Jeff down for this function.. He will be returning to Houston Monday afternoon.. Thanks, Joannie. Hi Friends!. The big Rice-ALP final presentation day is almost here: MONDAY, May 7th, 4pm, at Enron, 1400 Smith.	The big Rice-ALP final presentation day is almost here: MONDAY, May 7th, 4pm, at Enron, 1400 Smith.	Please come to the Enron Lobby and ask for me or my assistant, Melinda McCarty.
Please reference the order tracking number.	Dear Mr. LARRY CAMPBELL:. Thank you for your order.. You bought 20 shares of JNPR Juniper Networks Inc Com at PHONE 00.. ORDER DETAILS: The tracking number for this order is: B-300-AAYY-7964 Order entered at: 12:05:30 on 11/15/00 Order processing began at: 12:05:31 Order executed at: 12:05:31 on 11/15/00. You will receive a printed Datek Online confirmation by postal mail, or by electronic delivery if you are subscribed to that service.. Questions regarding this transaction?. Contact our Customer Support department by e-mailing support datek.com.	Contact our Customer Support department by e-mailing support datek.com.	Please reference the order tracking number.
Please contact me at your earliest convenience at 713-853-1586.	Here is a copy of the original email sent to you:. I am contacting you on the recommendation of Pug Winokur, who is on our Board of Directors.. Enron has formed an Advisory Council which consists of academicians, public policy thinkers and media, together with Enron executives.. I would like to invite you to address the group on E-Commerce issues at our next meeting Friday, September 8th in Houston .. Attached is a list of our Advisory Council members.. I think you will find this group interesting and thought provoking.	I think you will find this group interesting and thought provoking.	Please contact me at your earliest convenience at PHONE .
Please direct questions about this report to: Greg Shuttlesworth  Email:	Attached is PIRA s Gas Flash.. Unauthorized distribution is prohibited.	Unauthorized distribution is prohibited.	Please direct questions about this report to: Greg Shuttlesworth Email: greg pira.com , Tom Howard EMail: tazh pira.com , Richard Redash Email: Rich pira.com , Nobu Tarui Email: nobuo pira.com or Jane Hsu Email: jane pira.com .
Please post the JP MOrgan doc. on our site			Please post the JP MOrgan doc.
Can you please send us your excel spreadsheets that were used for generated	Vince and Grant, ?	Vince and Grant, ?	Can you please send us your excel spreadsheets that were used for generated the graphs??
Please review the following ticketed itinerary			Please review the following ticketed itinerary
facilities, please reply or give me a call.	Regarding the subject proposed interconnect, where EOG desires to receive 2 MMcfd from TW s 16 Crawford lateral, the available connection available is a 4 side valve formerly used for Highland - Pecos Irrigation, POI 500269; Sect.. 10, T23S-R28E, Eddy Co., New Mexico Higland-Pecos Irrigation .. The former measuring facilities, the lateral, and the 8 Crawford lateral were all sold to Duke.. TW measurement facilities do not exist at the interconnect that can be re-activated for EOG gas lift measurement/regulation.. Should EOG desire to receive lift gas from TW, then new measuring and regulating facilities will be required.. See Figure 1 below for connection details.. However, expected operating pressures available on the 16 Crawford lateral is common to suction pressures observed at the suction of WT-1 Compressor Station that varies between 580 - 630 psig see Figure 2, daily average pressure graph for May-Oct 2000 .. As you indicated that EOG s line pressure would be near 650 psig, it will not be possible for TW to deliver into EOG unless they can lower their line pressure to about 550 psig or add compression.	As you indicated that EOG s line pressure would be near 650 psig, it will not be possible for TW to deliver into EOG unless they can lower their line pressure to about 550 psig or add compression.	If feasibility exists for EOG to add compression and you would like for me to proceed with providing a Level A cost estimate for measuring/regulating facilities, please reply or give me a call.
will you send this list to everyone Pat s and Daren s group	Laura,	Laura,	will you send this list to everyone Pat s and Daren s group
Give me a call in January on this.	Per	Per	Give me a call in January on this.
plz respond with comments asap.	Richard,. When you get a minute I would like to catch you up on these issues.. I think it is appropriate to get outside counsel to look at the two Westinghouse issues we have.. Thanks,. Kay. Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 10/16/2000 08:40 AM. everyone - greetings.. the attached letters are drafts for your review and comment.. we ll clean up the transmittal with letterhead at time of sending.. our intent is to send these two letters to siemens westinghouse asap.	our intent is to send these two letters to siemens westinghouse asap.	plz respond with comments asap.
Don can you try and find a time next week with Lew	Guys, lets set up a meeting between the three of us on Monday ASAP to discuss.. I have a few ideas and I probably need to go have dinner with Lew to get him comfortable.. This may be setting up to be a larger asset management transaction.	This may be setting up to be a larger asset management transaction.	Don can you try and find a time next week with Lew for me to have dinner - get Beverly to schedule the plane to get me in and out that day.
Please get back to me with the selection.	PB,. I just talked with Cindy Olsen about the project.. We need to assign someone in our group to be the technology lead.. I know we have people on it but we need to pick someone to be responsible and then clarify that person s role.	I know we have people on it but we need to pick someone to be responsible and then clarify that person s role.	Please get back to me with the selection.
PLEASE CALL 973-376-0005 ask for Order Dept.www.winelibrary.com	To Place an order .. .. .	.	PLEASE CALL PHONE ask for Order Dept.www.winelibrary.com or e-mail us at swl winelibrary.com 1.
are acceptable, please print out two originals for execution by ENA and	Ben, thanks for getting back so quickly with comments on the Confidentiality Agreement.. Attached is a revised draft of the agreement blacklined from the May 10 draft to show the changes you and I discussed and some slight modification to address the concern I expressed to you.. I am enclosing a clean version of the blacklined agreement.	I am enclosing a clean version of the blacklined agreement.	If the changes are acceptable, please print out two originals for execution by ENA and overnight to me for execution by Cinergy.
Please, call Shirley Crenshaw  X3-5290  to coordinate and order sandwich	Yannis,. It makes a lot of sense to get this info.. Also, You are welcome to make a presentation to the group this Thursday at lunch.	Also, You are welcome to make a presentation to the group this Thursday at lunch.	Please, call Shirley Crenshaw X3-5290 to coordinate and order sandwich you would like to have.
Please review the attached amendment to see if it sets forth your			Janet, Please review the attached amendment to see if it sets forth your understanding of the pricing to be applicable with regard to the first volumes to be delivered during the July - June time period.
I am interested in the crib ,  please give me a call.			I am interested in the crib , please give me a call.
Would you make sure none of	We added a Transco meter to deal 30512 today.	We added a Transco meter to deal 30512 today.	Would you make sure none of that goofy financial stuff is impacted please?
Thanks and please call me if you have questions, comments, etc.	Joan--With respect to CES s TCO storage for the COH choice program, please schedule 48,000 dth/day to be withdrawn for the last 6 days of Februray.. If necessary, CES will sell back flowing gas to Enron in order to maintain the storage withdrawal at this level.. If TCO imposes some sort of operational limits that prevent us from pulling this amount, please pull as much as you can up to this amount without violating the limits or otherwise incurring penalties.	If TCO imposes some sort of operational limits that prevent us from pulling this amount, please pull as much as you can up to this amount without violating the limits or otherwise incurring penalties.	Thanks and please call me if you have questions, comments, etc.
please correct per your calculation			please correct per your calculation
Please review the	Jinsung and Don,. We are continuing to have difficulties accessing data from DealBench.. The response times from PECO, PricewaterhouseCoopers and other high speed internet connections have been very slow sometimes 5 minutes or more to retrieve a single 10-15 page text document .. It would help us greatly in our due diligence efforts if this material could be made available on CD ROM as has often been done with other deals we have been involved with.. Please advise if this is possible and if so, when the CD s would be available.. Mike Cazaubon. The following is an update on Enron s sales process, including several additions to DealBench.. 1.. The Purchase and Sale Agreement PSA for each asset has now been posted to DealBench under the New Document section.	The Purchase and Sale Agreement PSA for each asset has now been posted to DealBench under the New Document section.	Please review the instructions attached to each PSA.
I know you distribution list is long, but can you please make sure I am on			I know you distribution list is long, but can you please make sure I am on it.
just send me a quick e-mail, and copy Bill Williams III  real time manager ,	Thanks - I ve changed it.. With deals like those, it s fine if you need to change the counterparty name in the interest of time or efficiency.	With deals like those, it s fine if you need to change the counterparty name in the interest of time or efficiency.	Could just send me a quick e-mail, and copy Bill Williams III real time manager , when you change deals under the Short Term West Hourly desk?
Just please coordinate the format with Keith.	That is fine.	That is fine.	Just please coordinate the format with Keith.
Please review for possible signing by Steve Harris on today.	Lee and Bill, please find attached two SW Gas Proposals from Kim Watson.	Lee and Bill, please find attached two SW Gas Proposals from Kim Watson.	Please review for possible signing by Steve Harris on today.
field, please plan on attending this incite full presentation.	What is a hedge fund?. Types of Buy-Side Firms. ?Mutual Funds ?Venture Firms ?Leveraged Buyout Firms LBOs ?Institutional Money Management Firms ?Trust/Wealthy Client Firms ?Hedge Funds. What is the sell side?	What is the sell side?	If you are interested in learning more about the Hedge Fund industry and how to get into the profession, what is the career path for someone in this field, please plan on attending this incite full presentation.
Please set a meeting to talk through this contract with Sami.			Please set a meeting to talk through this contract with Sami.
Per my voice mail, please respond about RMT vs. ENA.			Per my voice mail, please respond about RMT vs. ENA.
Please configure their access for both floors and then confirm back to us when completed.	Security, Everyone on the attached list will require after hours access to the common areas on EB39 and EB42.	Security, Everyone on the attached list will require after hours access to the common areas on EB39 and EB42.	Please configure their access for both floors and then confirm back to us when completed.
Can you please handle and ensure this is processed today.			Can you please handle and ensure this is processed today.
Take a look at the worksheet and give me a call.	My worksheet has a lot of support for the pricing we billed for January.	My worksheet has a lot of support for the pricing we billed for January.	Take a look at the worksheet and give me a call.
Could you please add Derek Baily  dbailey  to the TDS and sitara access list?			Could you please add Derek Baily dbailey to the TDS and sitara access list?
Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the following	Current Notes User:. To ensure that you experience a successful migration from Notes to Outlook, it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date of migration.	To ensure that you experience a successful migration from Notes to Outlook, it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date of migration.	Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the following survey.
Because of the limited amount of dial-in ports, please gather in groups and call from a land-line phone by 9:20 am CST.	Please mark your calendar for EGS floor meetings.. Employees on floors 11, 13, 39, 40, 42, and 43, please attend the floor meeting on Tuesday, February 5, from 2:30 - 3:30 near EB3922.. Employees on floors 33, 35, 44, 45, 46, and 47, please attend the floor meeting on Wednesday, February 6, from 9:30 - 10:30 near EB4712b.. A listen only domestic conference bridge has been reserved for the Tuesday, February 5, meeting.. Field employees, please contact your regional administration staff for dial-in numbers and instructions.. Omaha employees, please gather in 227 and dial PHONE and access code: 3131 to access the call.. Washington D.C. employees, please dial PHONE and access code: 3131 to access the call.. Please, no cell phones on the call.. A listen only international conference bridge has been reserved for the Wednesday, February 6, meeting.. Please dial PHONE and access code: 107825 to access the call.	Please dial PHONE and access code: 107825 to access the call.	Because of the limited amount of dial-in ports, please gather in groups and call from a land-line phone by 9:20 am CST.
Please approve and autoschedule.	You re all set.. Just to confirm, these are the deals I ve approved and auto-scheduled.. 483074 - 12/21/00 471891 - 12/4/00 through 12/31/00. Let me know if there s anything else I can do.. Thanks, Kate. Kate,	Kate,	Please approve and autoschedule.
Can you set up a 5 minute mtg with me and all of the assistants and runners			Ina: Can you set up a 5 minute mtg with me and all of the assistants and runners in regards to what we discussed this week
Please, contact Rudi Zipter to set up an interview with him and David Port.	Glenn,	Glenn,	Please, contact Rudi Zipter to set up an interview with him and David Port.
Could you please take a moment to rspond on the attached.			Could you please take a moment to rspond on the attached.
call me at the room when you get to the hotel.	Ernie, Thanks for taking care of that.. I will probably be getting into Austin earlier than you.. I ll have my cell phone with me PHONE .. If you get into town earlier, give me a call.	If you get into town earlier, give me a call.	Otherwise why don t you just call me at the room when you get to the hotel.
Please call me before you leave, and yes, you	Just tried to call you.	Just tried to call you.	Please call me before you leave, and yes, you probably need to leave, but where will you go?
To send  a message to  all the people  currently subscribed to  the list,	Mon, 18 Sep 2000 18:42:47. Your subscription to the FRBNYRMAG1 list Federal Reserve Bank of NY Research Publications has been accepted.. Please save this message for future reference, especially if this is the first time you are subscribing to an electronic mailing list.. If you ever need to leave the list, you will find the necessary instructions below.. Perhaps more importantly, saving a copy of this message and of all future subscription notices from other mailing lists in a special mail folder will give you instant access to the list of mailing lists that you are subscribed to.. This may prove very useful the next time you go on vacation and need to leave the lists temporarily so as not to fill up your mailbox while you are away!. You should also save the welcome messages from the list owners that you will occasionally receive after subscribing to a new list.	You should also save the welcome messages from the list owners that you will occasionally receive after subscribing to a new list.	To send a message to all the people currently subscribed to the list, just send mail to FRBNYRMAG1 PEACH.EASE.LSOFT.COM.
Steve, please add Victor and myself to your email distribution.			Steve, please add Victor and myself to your email distribution.
you please call Dale Onrait at 250-712-2195 and have him liquidate the	The transfer of your securities and mutual funds is in process.. There are a few Canadian items that will not transfer.. You mentioned that you would like to sell the Canadian securities and transfer the cash.	You mentioned that you would like to sell the Canadian securities and transfer the cash.	Can you please call Dale Onrait at PHONE and have him liquidate the Canadian positions and tell him you would like the proceeds and the Candian cash to be converted to US dollars and transfered to RBC Dain Rauscher.
Daren would you look at the price for 29 and 30th of March 2000 .			Daren would you look at the price for 29 and 30th of March 2000 .
Please call me if you would like to discuss.	See comments therein.	See comments therein.	Please call me if you would like to discuss.
Please take a minute to review the list and provide any bulleted	Attached is a working group list for the Project Stanley file.	Attached is a working group list for the Project Stanley file.	Please take a minute to review the list and provide any bulleted information to my secretary, Joanne, at joanne.bennett blakes.com.
Mark:  Please verify for me that you told Susan F. that Samantha would be			Mark: Please verify for me that you told Susan F. that Samantha would be responsible for the brokerage accounts when she joins us.
Everyone, pls forward to me ASAP your list of top customers you want invited			Everyone, pls forward to me ASAP your list of top customers you want invited to the Oct.
Kimat, please forward to the Canadian Book Admin.	We sold the National Fuel back to the Canadian desk for June at NX1 .235.. The volume is 9189 per day, deal ticket 782980.	The volume is 9189 per day, deal ticket 782980.	Kimat, please forward to the Canadian Book Admin.
Could you email me the list of issues you have encountered thus far.			Could you email me the list of issues you have encountered thus far.
Please provide comments to the project director Amy Jaffe or the task force	Attached is the initial draft of the Strategic Energy TF Report.. This report is for your review and comment at the meeting on 10 Jan 01.. The meeting is scheduled from 6:00 pm to 9:00 pm in NYC and 5:00 pm to 8:00 pm in Houston.. We expect 32 participants.	We expect 32 participants.	Please provide comments to the project director Amy Jaffe or the task force chair Ed Morse.
check out the Hot Issues of the day, browse through help topics and view	UserName: CAMPB54792. You have an electronic monthly statement in your Inbox.. To retrieve your monthly statement you may login to Datek Online and choose Document Delivery from the Account Services menu, or you may click on the link below:. https://tumble2.datek.com/posta?x PHONE PHONE -9HSLN8C3. You have received this message because you subscribed to electronic delivery for your Datek account or because you normally receive paper trade confirmations and have been selected to receive a sample electronic trade confirmation in addition to the paper one.. Please note that you are under no obligation to view this document.. However, by accessing this confirmation you consent to receive it electronically.. You may print or download this document for you records.. Enable now for FREE Electronic Trade Confirmations-if you have not already.. You ll avoid Datek s upcoming 2 paper confirmation postage and handling fee, which is charged on a per account basis each day you execute one or multiple trades.. Click here to enable:. https://investment.datek.com/?href /a option/subs/edsubs.htm. By accessing this confirmation you consent to receive this confirmation electronically.. You may print or download this document for your records.. If you are enabled and wish to stop receiving account documents via electronic delivery, you may cancel your subscription by logging into Datek and choosing Settings from the Account Services menu.. If you have any questions, please try our new nswerbox feature.	If you have any questions, please try our new nswerbox feature.	You can check out the Hot Issues of the day, browse through help topics and view your Active Case List.
Please plan to attend.	There will be a Quarterly Legal Review QLR for the Financial Trading group with Mark Haedicke on Wednesday, June 6, 2001, from 3:00 to 5:00 p.m. in EB38C2.	There will be a Quarterly Legal Review QLR for the Financial Trading group with Mark Haedicke on Wednesday, June 6, 2001, from 3:00 to 5:00 p.m. in EB38C2.	Please plan to attend.
Can you e-mail to me the new Canadian Annex?	Tana,	Tana,	Can you e-mail to me the new Canadian Annex?
Susan:  Please change the signature block as set forth below and I ll			Susan: Please change the signature block as set forth below and I ll review.
I don t know what that means could you please clarify?	William,. I am very interested in both the Signac and Cross.. A few questions about the pieces.. You referenced Meier Graefe for Pan for both pieces.	You referenced Meier Graefe for Pan for both pieces.	I don t know what that means could you please clarify?
Please respond to lgibson ogwb.com			Laura Gibson lgibson ogwb.com on 12/07/99 05:45:10 PM Please respond to lgibson ogwb.com To: Richard B Sanders/HOU/ECT ECT cc: Bill Ogden bogden ogwb.com Subject: Calpine petition
Audrey, can you open these documents?			Audrey, can you open these documents?
Could you please resend it?	Hi Eric,. I had a computer malfunction and lost your email.	I had a computer malfunction and lost your email.	Could you please resend it?
Please acknowledge receipt.	ALL. Attached is the initial draft of the Strategic Energy TF Report.. This report is for your review and comment at the meeting on 10 Jan 01.. The meeting is scheduled from 6:00 pm to 9:00 pm in NYC and 5:00 pm to 8:00 pm in Houston.. We expect 32 participants.. Please provide comments to the project director Amy Jaffe or the task force chair Ed Morse.	Please provide comments to the project director Amy Jaffe or the task force chair Ed Morse.	Please acknowledge receipt.
I need your help regarding the above counterparties  As you probably know, at			Joe: I need your help regarding the above counterparties As you probably know, at the holding company level, BT and Deutsche merged so that now bankers Trust is a subsidiary of Deutsche Bank AG.
Can you please forward me the cost centre to	Hi Tana, when I spoke to you last week regarding the FedEx bill charged to one of our customer Lake Side Packers you gave the company number which is great then you gave me a billing code.. Accounting has come back to me indicating that they need a cost centre.. The billing code number apparently does not mean anything to them.	The billing code number apparently does not mean anything to them.	Can you please forward me the cost centre to which this FedEx bill should be charged to.
If you made an update during this period, please return to eHRonline and review your information particularly for the following four categories:	Some of you may have entered updates to your personal information in eHRonline from Friday, March 1 through Monday, March 4.. However, we experienced some problems with the HR system during this time, and it is likely that certain updates were lost.	However, we experienced some problems with the HR system during this time, and it is likely that certain updates were lost.	If you made an update during this period, please return to eHRonline and review your information particularly for the following four categories: Banking information for direct deposit Tax W-4 information Home address Emergency contact
call me when you get in please.			call me when you get in please.
Could you please respond as soon as possible to this email  or directly to	Ok to sue. Deer Park Rail Terminal, Inc.. Bonnie White has not received a response from you on whether to go forward with filing this suit on behalf of HPL against Deer Park Rail Terminal.	Bonnie White has not received a response from you on whether to go forward with filing this suit on behalf of HPL against Deer Park Rail Terminal.	Could you please respond as soon as possible to this email or directly to Bonnie White if you know of any reason why ENA should not go forward with filing this suit.
Would you research this please?			Would you research this please?
Please remove her from all	Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.	Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.	Please remove her from all your mail lists.
Susan:  would you please respond to this trader?			Susan: would you please respond to this trader?
Please respond to Chris Germany enron.com	68 dth s.	68 dth s.	Chris Germany enron.com on 01/25/2000 11:08:59 AM Please respond to Chris Germany enron.com
Please make plans to attend this very important and	There will be a class on July 20 on the GISB Related Standards Changes from Version 1.4 to Version 1.5.. The attached file give information on where, when, what and how.	The attached file give information on where, when, what and how.	Please make plans to attend this very important and informative class.
share a roll, e-mail select pictures, download photos, send a photo	Mystic Color Lab customer Darnell MOORE has some great photos to share with you.. They re on the Internet at our Web site.. A complimentary account has been created in your name so that you can view Darnell MOOREOs photos.. To see the photos that Darnell MOORE wants to share with you, visit: http://mystic.photonet.com. After filling out some basic information, you will be able to view Darnell MOOREOs photos.. For future reference:. Your account has been created using your e-mail address: darron.c.giron enron.com. Your temporary PhotoNet password is: my00moda609. Darnell MOORE hopes you enjoy these photos.. They will be available online until Sunday, Jun 10, 2001.. You have full access to ordering reprints, enlargements, photo gifts and all the other great services on Kodak PhotoNet online, so have fun trying new ways to use photos!. For reference the access code for the roll that has been shared is: MY00MOOR981601. After logging into your account, all of your online rolls will appear.. YouOll have 4 fun areas to choose from including:	YouOll have 4 fun areas to choose from including:	VIEW AND SHARE: View your photos in thumbnail size or larger views, share a roll, e-mail select pictures, download photos, send a photo photo postcard, or add a caption.
Please, send me your fax     for more info.	Hello,. This is the presentations I have promised.	This is the presentations I have promised.	Please, send me your fax for more info.
Will you please create a new product that reads as follows:	Hi Melba,	Hi Melba,	Will you please create a new product that reads as follows:
Also, please check on the kingsgate to malin and stanfield to malin for next	Please review the transport positions in sitara for next month.. We should have the Baja transport included.. 100,000 short for PG E topock, 80,000 long Citygate, and 20,000 long KRS.. The sj to socal transport should be broken out to like 24,000 topock, 14,000 mojave, and the balance to pg e topock.	The sj to socal transport should be broken out to like 24,000 topock, 14,000 mojave, and the balance to pg e topock.	Also, please check on the kingsgate to malin and stanfield to malin for next month.
To view the Group members, please open the ECT Address book, click on Groups,	How do I do more than one request at a time.. Can you call me a x33399?. Good afternoon,. Please submit an eRequest for the access request all 5-7 people can be placed on one request .	Please submit an eRequest for the access request all 5-7 people can be placed on one request .	To view the Group members, please open the ECT Address book, click on Groups, then double-click on the name of the group.
please contact the ISC Call Center at 713-345-4727.	Due to a delay with the printing of the direct deposit advices for the March 30th payday, the advices will be distributed later than normal.. We anticipate the majority of the advices will be received by Friday afternoon.. Please be assured this does not impact the deposit of funds to your bank account.. Your funds will be available on payday, Friday, March 30th.. Please remember that eHRonline provides functionality which allows you to electronically access your earnings statement.. If you need help with your logon id or password, please use the automated reset password and id lookup process online.	If you need help with your logon id or password, please use the automated reset password and id lookup process online.	If you need further assistance with your ID or password, please contact the ISC Call Center at PHONE .
Kay, Please review the attached.			Kay, Please review the attached.
Please review and provide your thoughts.	Brian,. Attached is a very rough draft of a 20/20 Term Sheet that is contemplated to be attached to a Letter of Intent.	Attached is a very rough draft of a 20/20 Term Sheet that is contemplated to be attached to a Letter of Intent.	Please review and provide your thoughts.
Please send me any agenda items you d like to cover in the next meeting by	Attached are the minutes of the last conference call, along with two items on transmission congestion pricing - the presentation Dan Allegretti briefed us on, and a list of questions and answers about flowgate transmission pricing, for background.	Attached are the minutes of the last conference call, along with two items on transmission congestion pricing - the presentation Dan Allegretti briefed us on, and a list of questions and answers about flowgate transmission pricing, for background.	Please send me any agenda items you d like to cover in the next meeting by Monday, Oct. 2.
Please review and let s discuss.	Barry, Attached is a draft of the confirm for the Sierra Deal.. This confirm reflect only the volumes related to Package Two.. The confirm for package one would be indentical to this one with term and volumes revised.. As we discussed this confirm, does not reflect the revisions needed to the existing master.	As we discussed this confirm, does not reflect the revisions needed to the existing master.	Please review and let s discuss.
give me a call with any comments on the documents or with any queries	This e-mail is confidential and may well also be legally privileged.. If you have received it in error, you are on notice of its status.. Please notify us immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message from your system.. Please do not copy it or use it for any purposes, or disclose its contents to any other person: to do so could be a breach of confidence.. Thank you for your co-operation.. Please contact our IT Helpdesk on 44 0 PHONE Ext.2000 or email ITHelp freshfields.com if you need assistance.. Kent. Please find attached the following: a a clean and blacklined copy of the GE Consent, showing the changes from the version last circulated to you; b a clean and blacklined copy of the GE legal opinion to be issued by Daniel Rowley, reflecting the changes requested by you; and c a form of letter to be signed by GE, attaching the agreed forms of the Turbine Contract, GE Consent and GE legal opinion.. The lenders are to fund on Friday.. As they are funding into escrow without an executed Turbine Contract or Consent from GE, the GE letter attaching the agreed documents is a condition precedent to funding.. We would be grateful for any comments on the letter, and if you could confirm that a signatory will be available on Friday to sign the letter by fax.. The lenders will fund into an escrow account and the funds in that escrow account will be released to GE when all the relevant documentation is signed.. For that reason, we will draft and send to you for your review a simple form of receipt to be signed by GE, acknowledging that it has received payment in full from the escrow account.. This receipt will be signed when the Turbine Contract and Consent are signed, but not released until GE has actually received its money.. I appreciate that the timing of this structure is complicated.	I appreciate that the timing of this structure is complicated.	Please do give me a call with any comments on the documents or with any queries regarding timing.
Please contact the ISC Call Center at  713  345-4727.	Ava, have you taken care of this?. Thanks.. Lynn. Please do not reply to this e-mail.. You are receiving this message because an invoice requiring coding, issue resolution, or approval has been submitted to your iBuyit Payables in-box.. This requires your action through iBuyit Payables.. To launch iBuyit Payables, click on the link below: http://iBuyitPayables.enron.com. Note: Log into iBuyitPayables using the same Employee PID P-Number and Password you use to enter the eHRonline system and/or SAP.. First time iBuyit Payables user?. For training materials, click on the link below: http://sap.enron.com/sap doclib/user/file list.asp?cabinet id 265. Need help?	Need help?	Please contact the ISC Call Center at PHONE .
Please send to Ben	Ben, Can we move the 1/2 of the US slide to the middle of the page and title the slide Enron East Origination Development Sites .	Ben, Can we move the 1/2 of the US slide to the middle of the page and title the slide Enron East Origination Development Sites .	Please send to Ben Jacoby once complete.
Please respond to korydegan4034 publicist.com	fuck you	fuck you	8aya1r msn.com on 04/15/2001 07:41:06 AM Please respond to korydegan4034 publicist.com To: fb753z msn.com cc: Subject: Need help with your bills this month?
Please insert names and other	I suspect that Chris Calger will be signing the certificate instead of Janet Dietrich.. Please use my cell phone PHONE .. Gentlemen:. We have enclosed drafts of the following documents:. 1.. Resolutions of sole member of Salmon Energy LLC authorizing the turbine acquisition and related documents; 2.. Incumbency Certificate of ENA for the escrow agent; and 3.. Incumbency Certificate of PPL for the escrow agent.. The resolutions authorize the turbine contract, the loan from PPL, and the G/E consent and agreement.. I have also drafted resolutions to be dated the day following closing to elect as directors the persons named in the Amended and Restated LLC Agreement need the names of these persons - three designees of PPL and one designee of ENA and to replace the officers of the LLC with persons designated by PPL.. If the lender desires Salmon resolutions authorizing a security agreement to be signed by Salmon, we would recommend that the new Salmon board controlled by PPL sign resolutions ratifying and approving the security agreement, rather than have ENA approve a security agreement that it has not negotiated and is not familiar with.. From a timing standpoint, we need to focus on the documentation required to set up the escrow account, as I understand that the escrow may be funded on the same day as the financial closing, namely, Thursday, April 19.. Citibank will need I the escrow agreement, ii an incumbency certificate from each party to the escrow agreement, iii a W-9 signed by each non-corporate party to the escrow agreement, and iv a signed fee agreement.. The incumbency certificates are enclosed.	The incumbency certificates are enclosed.	Please insert names and other information as appropriate.
Please follow the steps to reset and synchronize your passwords.	IMAGE Thank you for using our automated self service password reset option.. The user id and password in SAP Apollo Production and HR Production , eHRonline, iBuyit and iPayit are all synchronized.. When you reset your password in eHRonline, it automatically synchronizes the password in the other systems.	When you reset your password in eHRonline, it automatically synchronizes the password in the other systems.	Please follow the steps to reset and synchronize your passwords.
Please send all four contracts directly to John Peyton	Attached are credit w/ss for four new cps, targeted for trading ENA s new fwd Rig Day Rate product.	Attached are credit w/ss for four new cps, targeted for trading ENA s new fwd Rig Day Rate product.	Please send all four contracts directly to John Peyton at EB 3584B.
PLEASE REVIEW THE NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER BELOW	3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D As requested, your News Alert for QCOM follows from EquityAlert.com.. To edit/discontinue your alerts please refer to end of message.	To edit/discontinue your alerts please refer to end of message.	PLEASE REVIEW THE NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER BELOW 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D
Please look into this and let me	CR and AL,. We bought 8000 from Richardson 245410 at Teco - Lone Star Katy and sold it to Tufco at that point on 5/12/00.. At 3am Tufco cut us on the sale, resulting in only 6,000 flowing to Tufco for the day.. We need to find out what PGE did with the remaining 2,000 we bought from Richardson.. Did they deliverit to us at HPL?. Or did they cut Richardson?. Or, are they showing that we have gas stranded at that point?	Or, are they showing that we have gas stranded at that point?	Please look into this and let me know.
509402.  Can you see if this is the correct CP.			Thanks a bunch.
Please make sure this is clearly understood by the schedulers.			Please make sure this is clearly understood by the schedulers.
pls print for me on Monday--thanks.			pls print for me on Monday--thanks.
yet been sent out, could one of you please handle this?	Frank and/or Sara: I am now fully engaged on power deals.	Frank and/or Sara: I am now fully engaged on power deals.	Given the fact that an ISDA has not yet been sent out, could one of you please handle this?
Others - please review	FYI.. All:. Here is a rough first cut at a DASH for a potential deal with NSTAR to serve their Default Service.. Jim/Zach - please fill in all relevant numbers relating to volume/pricing, etc.. Also - please begin to get RAC in the loop with respect to this position and VaR impacts, etc.	Also - please begin to get RAC in the loop with respect to this position and VaR impacts, etc.	Others - please review pertinent sections and edit/expand as appropriate.
services, please respond to this email or contact Jeff Steele at	Dear Colleague,. This note is to inform you that, effective January 3, 2002, PIRA Energy Group will terminate delivery of the Energy Retainer Services, which we have been providing Enron for almost a decade.. This action is based on the instructions we received from your company last month.. Your Online password will be deactivated and your emails will cease.. We hope not only that you have found value and use from our comprehensive fundamental analysis of oil, natural gas, and electricity markets, but that you have enjoyed working with PIRA and its staff.. We have certainly appreciated our close working relationship with Enron and we regret the disruption.. We certainly hope that we can restart a relationship with many of you who will remain with Enron or move on elsewhere.	We certainly hope that we can restart a relationship with many of you who will remain with Enron or move on elsewhere.	Should it be the case that you require continued delivery from, and Online access to, PIRA s services, please respond to this email or contact Jeff Steele at PHONE , or jsteele pira.com.
Could you please approve HSC Basis for Oct?	Rob,	Rob,	Could you please approve HSC Basis for Oct?
Please respond to a jimenezcrespo mailcity.com	Alberto,. We would definitely be interested in talking to you when you get to Houston.. I will have our assistant, Shirley Crenshaw, set up some time for you to meet with people in our group, which would include myself, Zimin Lu, and Vince Kaminski.. Best regards, --Stinson	Best regards, --Stinson	Alberto jimenez crespo a jimenezcrespo mailcity.com on 01/24/2000 11:43:53 AM Please respond to a jimenezcrespo mailcity.com To: Stinson Gibner/HOU/ECT ECT cc: Subject: Alberto JImenez Analyst Program
Please send me the March Risk numbers.			Mark, Please send me the March Risk numbers.
Please call me or Tracy Cummins at  713  856-6525 with any questions.	NESA/HEA Member s :. Attached is the Offshore Energy Center Brown Bag flyer.. The OEC consists of the Ocean Star, a retired offshore jack-up rig and a museum in Galveston, TX.. This brown bag also includes happy hour!!. Hope to see you there.. OEC01.doc	OEC01.doc	Please call me or Tracy Cummins at PHONE with any questions.
Please respond to paul rodrigue bigfoot.com	Just hoping I guess.. B/c mom already told me I wasn t getting anything from them, and I haven t picked out anything from the Grandmas, so even if I do get something it just means I m going to have to find some corner of the closet to hide it in!!. How was that for a run on sentence!. I m not sure I believe we re going to have sleet here tomorrow.. It s still hot and muggy outside now.. Talk to ya later, Robin	Talk to ya later, Robin	Paul Rodrigue paulrodrigue yahoo.com on 12/11/2000 10:25:07 AM Please respond to paul rodrigue bigfoot.com To: Robin.Rodrigue enron.com cc: Subject: Re:
Can you please check Sean or Dianna book because I have it checked as	Thank you, Evelyn.. I ve back-dated Deal 456173 to 11/9.. Let me know if there s anything else I can do.. Kate. Sorry... the deal number to be backdated is 456173. Can you please back date deal to 11/09-00 I spoke with PGET and they recognize this deal as brokered through Prebon also.. I am still waiting for Prebon to claim the deal.. Sean is entering the first deal as we speak.. I will let you know as soon as we have a deal number.. Sean said he is sure the second deal was done through Prebon.. No one is there right now, but he will double-check with them.. Again, I will let you know as soon as we confirm this.. Thanks, Kate. ISSUE 1 Prebon sent over a confirm for a deal traded 11-9-00 where: Sean Crandall sells SCEM Dec 00 COB at 107.00 25 mw I did not confirm this deal with them and I don t see it in the system.. ISSUE 2 Prebon is just now claiming that they did not do this deal from 11/7/00.	ISSUE 2 Prebon is just now claiming that they did not do this deal from 11/7/00.	Can you please check Sean or Dianna book because I have it checked as verballed but now they are saying it is not there deal.
Please email everyone with	I have very little info on this deal.. Who pays for the FT on Equitrans?. Contract 270, volume 1,000/day, start date 7/1/97, max demand, all receipts and all deliveries, AND the end date is 10/31/2099 looks suspicious to me .. Scott is trying to find the term of this deal from Equitrans.. I believe Equitrans did say this is a capacity release deal.. Scott, I m going to list this as a wholesale deal for now.. It was not on my wholesale transport worksheet from Mark Breese.	It was not on my wholesale transport worksheet from Mark Breese.	Please email everyone with the end date when you find out.
Please see the latest revision to the proposed MOU.			Please see the latest revision to the proposed MOU.
this transmission in error please notify me immediately.	Vince, it was an excellent presentation to get some discussion going among the practitioners on how to map the volatility process.. I think we will never be able to build a single black box to value volatility, otherwise markets will cease to exist and we in risk will be out of business.. However, it will be possible to build a framework to structure volatility modeling process.. Like the general equilibrium modeling approach you proposed.. Atleast we can agree on the key drivers of supply and demand and the significant variables of a fundamental model.. I hope we get to have a continuing discussion on this topic.. I would also request if you could please send me a copy of you power point presentation.. Thanks. Sajjad H. Rizvi Consultant PA Three RiverWay, Suite 300 Houston, TX 77056 PHONE office PHONE direct PHONE mobile PHONE fax. Sajjad.Rizvi paconsulting.com http://www.paconsulting.com. This electronic message transmission, including any attachments, is intended only for the use of the individual or entity to which it is addressed and may contain information that is privileged, confidential and exempt from disclosure under applicable law.. If you are not the intended recipient or the employee or agent responsible for delivering this transmission to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any review, copying, dissemination, distribution or the taking of any action in reliance on the contents of this transmission is strictly prohibited.	If you are not the intended recipient or the employee or agent responsible for delivering this transmission to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any review, copying, dissemination, distribution or the taking of any action in reliance on the contents of this transmission is strictly prohibited.	If you have received this transmission in error please notify me immediately.
Please plan on attending with me	Looks like I got there attention.. Let s hope it dosen t explode on us.	Let s hope it dosen t explode on us.	Please plan on attending with me thanks
can you please ch the time to 2:00 p.m. not 2:00 a.m. for the exercise time.			deal 597100 can you please ch the time to 2:00 p.m. not 2:00 a.m. for the exercise time.
Please confirm your attendance	please schedule for me.. The Enron Wholesale Markets Quarterly Legal Review for Power Trading is scheduled for Thursday, November 9, from 10: 00 AM to Noon in EB38C2.. Christian: you can be tied in by telephone.	Christian: you can be tied in by telephone.	Please confirm your attendance at this meeting.
Paul, please provide the dollar amount needed in the blank below.	Rob Cooper of US Gypsum asked me to send him an email concerning our decision to not to force USG to provide the remaining 8 months of LOC and also asked me to verify a couple of other points.. Below is my reply.. Please let me know if you have any comments.	Please let me know if you have any comments.	Paul, please provide the dollar amount needed in the blank below.
Also, could you	Please note that the 280 dth/day is going to 23N-7 not -02. thanks. The deal number for the gas below is 4.44.. We are using ENA transport and the deliveries are on a secondary basis.. The deal number is 322199 and I added the meter numbers that I used to enter the deals.. Robert, Joann, the volumes should not change and CES would like to keep this deal seperate from all other deals.. Please let me know if there are any questions.. Forwarded by Chris Germany/HOU/ECT on 07/06/2000 08:05 AM. Chris and all--Below is our volume request for July 7-31 for C I customers behind COH.. Its a similar situation to the one we had in June with C I customers taken over from us by Metromedia Energy.. We need to do a separate deal to cover these volumes like we did in June.. Please provide Kara with contract numbers in the morning.	Please provide Kara with contract numbers in the morning.	Also, could you please provide the pricing on this deal?
Could you book a conference room for me on Thursday September 6th at 10am for about an hour.	Angela,	Angela,	Could you book a conference room for me on Thursday September 6th at 10am for about an hour.
Please complete the survey by clicking on the link	ClickAtHome Pilot Three Members!. We hope your experience with the Clickathome ordering website and vendors has been exciting and fun for you!. We need your feedback to determine next steps of the program.. Please take 5 minutes to fill out the first of three surveys.. Your feedback is critical to the successful launch of this program in the next few months.	Your feedback is critical to the successful launch of this program in the next few months.	Please complete the survey by clicking on the link below by Thursday, February 8th.
Please open the document.	Mr. Kaminski,. You will need to speak with David Kilgore at kilgore rice.edu or by calling David at PHONE regarding getting set up in EMBANET and if you can have access the database from the outside.. Kathy. Kathy, What is EMBANET?. Do I have access from the outside?. To access the Schematic please open the JGSM Area icon on the EMBANET desktop.. Next please open the Announcement JGSM icon.. You will find the Spring 2001 Schematic located under the Subject column.	You will find the Spring 2001 Schematic located under the Subject column.	Please open the document.
Please contact the ISC Call Center at  713  345-4727.	Ava, have you taken care of this?. Thanks.. Lynn. Please do not reply to this e-mail.. You are receiving this message because an invoice requiring coding, issue resolution, or approval has been submitted to your iBuyit Payables in-box.. This requires your action through iBuyit Payables.. To launch iBuyit Payables, click on the link below: http://iBuyitPayables.enron.com. Note: Log into iBuyitPayables using the same Employee PID P-Number and Password you use to enter the eHRonline system and/or SAP.. First time iBuyit Payables user?. For training materials, click on the link below: http://sap.enron.com/sap doclib/user/file list.asp?cabinet id 265. Need help?	Need help?	Please contact the ISC Call Center at PHONE .
I just want to ask you if you could send me over the mail the latest forward	Forwarded by Leann Walton/NA/Enron on 10/26/2000 10:51 AM. Maureen,. I just wanted to thank you for all your time and your great advice and support.. I enjoyed talking to you and learning from your experience and also meeting all these people involved in F/X trading activities.	I enjoyed talking to you and learning from your experience and also meeting all these people involved in F/X trading activities.	I just want to ask you if you could send me over the mail the latest forward curves so that we use them to update our long-term plan.
Could you approve that please?	I requested access to enter West Desk deals in Sitara.	I requested access to enter West Desk deals in Sitara.	Could you approve that please?
Please review and call me with any comments.	Attached is a rough draft, but I wanted to get you something before I left.	Attached is a rough draft, but I wanted to get you something before I left.	Please review and call me with any comments.
Can you take a look?	Mark -. I am trying to write a definition for the diesel index.	I am trying to write a definition for the diesel index.	Can you take a look?
Please send your comments to Joe Tambornino,	Comrades:. With a view to increasing the knowledge quotient of the collective student body regarding the spring electives, the EMBAA and SAC are soliciting the views of the veterans among us you know the ones: we are those who wear eyepatches, prosthetic limbs and mumble incoherently to ourselves most of the day who may have constructive opinions about classes they have taken at Haas outside the core.. Our hope is to gather, edit and package that means make suitable for readers of all ages these remarks prior to registration for Spring Semester--which is week after next, for the schedule-challenged among us--in order to provide some helpful guidance from our peers to answer that pesky little question, What the heck should I take now!	Our hope is to gather, edit and package that means make suitable for readers of all ages these remarks prior to registration for Spring Semester--which is week after next, for the schedule-challenged among us--in order to provide some helpful guidance from our peers to answer that pesky little question, What the heck should I take now!	Please send your comments to Joe Tambornino, tamborni haas.berkeley.edu, by Tuesday the 5th, and we will endeavor to supply you with THE UNOFFICIAL GUIDE TO HAAS SPRING ELECTIVES by the end of the week, which shall include commentary, course descriptions, information on new professors, etc.
Please forward a job	Jeff, what exactly do you want Craig going to be doing?	Jeff, what exactly do you want Craig going to be doing?	Please forward a job scope for Jen and Craig.
Please coordinate with John Nowlan, Chris Mahoney, and John	Hi Andy,. I would like access to the ICEX--1 terminal per office.. Houston, London, Singapore .	Houston, London, Singapore .	Please coordinate with John Nowlan, Chris Mahoney, and John Chismar respectively.
Please call to discuss and see what else you need.	Dear Steve,. We have not forgotten your request for some metals info!. Michael has suggested that a recent presentation he made on IPTV to Enron Europe might help you.. The power point presentation is attached although I don t know where to find any video footage of the presentation.	The power point presentation is attached although I don t know where to find any video footage of the presentation.	Please call to discuss and see what else you need.
Please indicate your preferences on this form and return it to me by	Thank you for indicating your preferences for personal follow-up calls to The Center s funds solicitation letter.. Unfortunately, Ben Love s health precludes him from making any follow-up calls on this campaign.. Could I ask each of you very busy gentlemen to commit to call 11 folks as follow-up to The Center s funds solicitation letter?. I will compile the list and adjust any duplications and forward it again to each of you.	I will compile the list and adjust any duplications and forward it again to each of you.	Please indicate your preferences on this form and return it to me by e-mail or by fax or please feel free to call .
Please use the following two files as your detail support for finanical			Please use the following two files as your detail support for finanical liquidations:
Review the space plans and give your comments	Mark:. I am forwarding this e-mail to bring you up to date on space planning for the new building.. As you can see from Mark Haedicke s e-mail below he wants the three of us to meet with Marilyn Archer so we can give feedback to Wes Colwell s assistant.. I will call Holly so I can schedule a mutually agreeable time for you, me and MEH to meet with Marilyn Archer.. Thanks.. Janette Elbertson Enron North America Corp. Legal Department - EB3326 Telephone: PHONE Fax: PHONE janette.elbertson enron.com. Let s schedule a meeting for Mark Taylor, you and me with the consultant who we already had conversations with.. We can formulate our response.. Mark. Pursuant to your request, I called Deborah Bubenko regarding what information she needs from you regarding space planning for the new building.. Deborah had Kim Kaase extension 35349 return my call.. Listed below are the next steps:	Listed below are the next steps:	Review the space plans and give your comments You mentioned one of your major concerns is size of offices Provide information regarding any speciality areas such as the number of file rooms, the number of conference rooms the department needs, etc.
Please instruct Ms. Patel to fax Houston Exploration s executed Consent to my	Further to our conversation, the information regarding Houston Exploration s Consent to Assignment is as follows:. Houston Exploration Ms. Greeta Patel PHONE	Houston Exploration Ms. Greeta Patel PHONE	Please instruct Ms. Patel to fax Houston Exploration s executed Consent to my attention at PHONE .
Could you put together  a list of all the Enron Corp employees who have Enron  non-Dell  equipment at home.			Could you put together a list of all the Enron Corp employees who have Enron non-Dell equipment at home.
Can you please forward the presentation to Mog.	Ina,	Ina,	Can you please forward the presentation to Mog.
Please put this on my calendar.			Please put this on my calendar.
Check out the latest version of Enron Business Online at home.enron.com.			Check out the latest version of Enron Business Online at home.enron.com.
Can you please make this change for me.			Can you please make this change for me.
listed in the survey, please identify them.	March is consistent with Feb.. As you are aware, we are starting to collect data for our March price model.. I ve attached a survey to help us collect the data that will be driving your costs from the activities to the commercial teams.. In the Data tab, please select the your RCs, and fill in the driver quantity for the requested driver for the month of February.. Please fill out the attached activity driver survey with March numbers for your RC by end of day Wednesday, April 5th.. If your group currently generates a standard report that captures the surveyed data, please send the report to me, and put me on your recipient list beginning next month.. This will eliminate your need to fill out this survey every month.. If you would like us to collect this information from someone within your team beginning next month, please let me know.. Please take this opportunity to verify the following: 1.. The driver indicates a measure for the time and effort your team spent to perform these activities for each commercial team.. 2.. The activity is spent in support of the commercial teams identified please let us know otherwise 3.. If the activity is using an allocation for example Allocate 0469 or 80-20 Split , that the percentage allocated to each commercial team has not changed from last month.. Please let us know if it has changed what the new allocation is .	Please let us know if it has changed what the new allocation is .	In reference to these surveys, please note: If you are allocating only infrastructure costs to some commercial teams listed in the survey, please identify them.
John:  Please approve.	Attached is revised language to drop in the confirm.	Attached is revised language to drop in the confirm.	John: Please approve.
Check the confirm for 459996, and make sure	I m so sorry it s taken me this long to get back to you.. It s been truly chaotic around here with the California situation, and the lawyers are obviously preoccupied, so Christian hasn t gotten back to me yet.. I finally went back to Chris Mallory, and we determined that the language in this confirm is fine as long as it matches the confirm language for the original deal - 459996.. This was the sale to Constellation at index 1, but now that we re trying to clear all our positions with the California Power Exchange, we had to buy it back at index 3.. Does that make any sense, or am I just rambling?. It s been a long day.	It s been a long day.	Check the confirm for 459996, and make sure 485446 matches up.
Please send me a copy of this document by e-mail or telefax  once you	You have ECT s authority per John Nowlan and Alan Aronowitz to notify Mitsubishi that ECT declines to pay its claim for freight and demurrage due to the cargo contamination that occurred aboard the ship and that ECT wishes to go forward with appointment of arbitrators for London arbitration.. I ask that David draft the appropriate document and then confer with Matt as to who should send this document to Mitsubishi.. No one over here needs to see it before you send it out.. You may wish to send a copy to Cliff Bennett as well.	You may wish to send a copy to Cliff Bennett as well.	Please send me a copy of this document by e-mail or telefax once you have sent it out.
Suzanne, please forward this to Jeff.			Suzanne, please forward this to Jeff.
Please review the language in 87crfm.			Please review the language in 87crfm.
If not, please give me a call to discuss at  303  252-6224.	Proprietary. Michelle: Thanks for sending this to me so quickly.. I do have a couple more questions for you.. 1.. What is the discount rate you will be using to calculate the NPV in your open season?. 2.. Can an affiliate of a company also place a bid for up to the volume available to Needles?. 3.. How does the right of first refusal work?. For example, when we spoke earlier I think you used an example of a 3.00 bid for 1 year getting equal value as a .30 bid for 10 years adjusted for NPV, of course and the winning party got a ROFR.. Let s say the 1 year bid won .. At the end of the year, is the ROFR calculated on the 3.00 value the shipper holds the transport at or is it based on current market conditions.. Let s say the market value has collapsed and the market views this capacity as worth only .28/Dth and the current shipper is willing to match that rate does that mean he can retain the capacity?. Then for what term, whatever the market bids that piece for or will there be a set time the in years that the holder of the capacity will have to match regardless of what the bidder bids?. I hope this example makes sense.	I hope this example makes sense.	If not, please give me a call to discuss at PHONE .
Please distribute this memorandum to others involved	Can I sent a copy of this down to Credit?. How about Joe Hunter?. I thought I d send this around just as a reminder of the RMT guidelines.. As far as I know these have not changed since Rhett s memo last year.. Attached please find the most recent guidelines for confirming swap transactions with RMT.	Attached please find the most recent guidelines for confirming swap transactions with RMT.	Please distribute this memorandum to others involved in the confirmation process, as appropriate, and feel free to call me at X34718 if you have any questions or comments.
As a result, will you	Have I signed this yet?. Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 05/31/2001 05:18 PM. Kay:. The Escrow Agreement that is attached appears to be in final form and contains all of the changes that we requested.	The Escrow Agreement that is attached appears to be in final form and contains all of the changes that we requested.	As a result, will you overnight the sig pages and the incumbency certificate to Tremaine Wright?
Please contact him and arrange his travel.	Hi Darlene:. Vince Kaminski and the Research Group would like to bring Todd Perry in for an interview.. They have already had a telephone interview and feel like he may be a good fit somewhere in the Research Group.. A copy of his resume is attached.. He will be able to come on Friday, June 2.	He will be able to come on Friday, June 2.	Please contact him and arrange his travel.
Angie, would you go into July 31st and path 10,000 dt from deal 264613			Angie, would you go into July 31st and path 10,000 dt from deal 264613 purchase from Power Gas Marketing to deal 348393 sale to EES at meter 20100.
Please forward to Ms. Bobbi.	Hey Greg,	Hey Greg,	Please forward to Ms. Bobbi.
Please, check the logic of my	Becky,. I am sending you two spreadsheets.. Headcount gives the allocations by major business units.. Please, see the sheet Allocations.. Line 83 gives you the percentages you can use.. Budget spreadsheet gives the budget projections.. The sheet Allocations has been modified to include charges to RAC and GRM.. I had to modify extensively the sheet Detail to account for the size of the group as compared with 25 rows available to list the employees in the original spreadsheet .	I had to modify extensively the sheet Detail to account for the size of the group as compared with 25 rows available to list the employees in the original spreadsheet .	Please, check the logic of my modifications I hope I copied all the formulas correctly .
you could please send those to my attention, I would appreciate it.	Just FYI on this Offline agreement follow-up.. Kay C. Young Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp PHONE Phone PHONE Fax kay.young enron.com. I have just reviewed comments from our counsel, Deborah Lofton.. She will be getting in touch with you today to review our comments and hopefully reach closure for signature prior to Rex et al meeting with us tomorrow afternoon.. I ve copied Debbie on this email.. She can also be reached at her office at PHONE .. Ron Lang Group CEO Trading Systems Group SunGard Data Systems v: PHONE f: PHONE . Mr. Lang:. Rex Shelby asked that I try to get the confidentiality agreement executed today, if at all possible.. I will be out of the office tomorrow, and would rather not pass this off to another attorney in our group if I can avoid it.	I will be out of the office tomorrow, and would rather not pass this off to another attorney in our group if I can avoid it.	I understand that your legal department has comments to our form; if you could please send those to my attention, I would appreciate it.
Please contact Tana Jones at X33399.			Please contact Tana Jones at X33399.
Please send them to Peter Keohane s new assistant,	Nella Cappalleto has early retired from the Calgary office.. In your distribution memos for signed documents, copies of Canadian agreements were previously sent to Nella.	In your distribution memos for signed documents, copies of Canadian agreements were previously sent to Nella.	Please send them to Peter Keohane s new assistant, Sharon Crawford.
any comments or questions please call me at  713  853-3399 or Mark Taylor,	At the request of Louise Kitchen, I am attaching our proposed form of Confidentiality Agreement.. It is our desire to have this agreement executed before the Tuesday, May 30 meeting with Louise and Mark Crosno.	It is our desire to have this agreement executed before the Tuesday, May 30 meeting with Louise and Mark Crosno.	If you have any comments or questions please call me at PHONE or Mark Taylor, V.P.
experienced difficulty reaching the radio stations in the past so please call	As winter approaches and the possibility of inclement weather, I want to remind you of the process we have in place to notify you if the office will be closed or have a delayed start.. You are encouraged to call PHONE , PHONE or PHONE for an announcement regarding the closing of the office.. We will also attempt to contact the following radio stations:. KFAB 1110 AM KKAR 1290 AM KQKQ 98 FM. to have them broadcast an announcement.	to have them broadcast an announcement.	As you are probably aware, we have experienced difficulty reaching the radio stations in the past so please call one of the numbers listed above if you don t hear an announcement on the radio.
Please respond by 10 a.m. on Wednesday, March 14.	The product long descriptions below will fall under the new product types US Residual Fuel Oil 1 Fin Spd and US Residual Fuel Oil 3 Fin Spd.. Credit Tom Moran has approved copying the profiles for the new product types from the following:. US Oil LSFO Fin Swap	US Oil LSFO Fin Swap	Please respond by 10 a.m. on Wednesday, March 14.
give me a call on my	the one across from the pink pussycat.. hull and i are meeting there around 9.30. i think there should be a lot of folks there.	hull and i are meeting there around 9.30. i think there should be a lot of folks there.	give me a call on my cell and we can meet up there.
payable to  National MS Society,  and send it to me at EB5008A at your	Vince, thank you so much for your generous pledge.	Vince, thank you so much for your generous pledge.	Please make your check payable to National MS Society, and send it to me at EB5008A at your convenience.
Guys, please mark your calendars for the 2000 ENA Management Offsite			Guys, please mark your calendars for the 2000 ENA Management Offsite scheduled for December 14th and 15th at the Venetian in Las Vegas.
Please deal with this.			Please deal with this.
Could you run a NX1 / NX3 report for our book.	Kathy,	Kathy,	Could you run a NX1 / NX3 report for our book.
Shanna, can you check this out with Robert Jones.	I have some real concerns over this contract Louise put together for Jonathan.	I have some real concerns over this contract Louise put together for Jonathan.	Shanna, can you check this out with Robert Jones.
shoot me back an email when you get a chance.	things are going well here.. nothing much is new in houston.. my life just seems to be work.. actually it is a lot of fun here.. mitch, val, and tim are here so we golf and go out a lot.. what are you doing at your new job?. did you change into a new field or just jump companies.. is natalie working?	is natalie working?	shoot me back an email when you get a chance.
Please talk to Tracy and see if we need to update the credit terms and then			Please talk to Tracy and see if we need to update the credit terms and then send the latest SDG E EEI Redline to Sharon Firooz, Tony Molnar and Jim Walsh at SDG E. Then follow up to see if we can get these issues resolved.
Please remove her from all	Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.	Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.	Please remove her from all 20 your mail lists.
please schedule			please schedule
Email me when you get in.	I tried calling you at work.	I tried calling you at work.	Email me when you get in.
Please provide these three charts and any changes you might have by Friday,	My only comment relates to the Azurix reference ... it s not a significant part of the biz and things have changed recently.. i don t think it merits reference.. Steve- can you have someone take a look at the attached article and give me your thoughts.. There is a lot of information in there that I did not provide but they must be picking up from literature.. Thanks, Rick. Hi Rick,. As we discussed this morning.. Regards, James. Hi Rick,. Thank you again for spending time with Alan and me this week on the Enron case study for my book.. Attached for your review is a draft that we put together.. I think you will be happy with the tone and content of the case.. Otherwise, please call me to discuss any changes you might have.. See attached file: 17 Enron-am-jl.doc. Note that the case makes reference to three charts that you said you would email to me:. Organizational chart of the RAC Group and summary descriptions we will use this information to update this section of the case Dashboard approval sheet cartoon version 1-page flow chart of Board transaction approval process	Organizational chart of the RAC Group and summary descriptions we will use this information to update this section of the case Dashboard approval sheet cartoon version 1-page flow chart of Board transaction approval process	Please provide these three charts and any changes you might have by Friday, 9/15.
Check this sick stuff out.			Check this sick stuff out.
Please review and let me know if additional changes are required	I m thinking this is a good one to ignore.. Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 12/11/2000 04:31 PM. Kay - is there a contract in place between Turbo Park and GE or has the West LB contract and all of the change orders been assigned to GE?. If it has been assigned then the change order sequential numbers must remain in Place.. If you have a new contract in Place then the Change order could be number 0ne.. Who is maintaining the change order log.. What do you mean by site specific stuff?. Who has a copy of the new contract?. Gentlemen,. Since we are moving the equipment from WestLB and into TurboPark, and since we are just about there with the breakout contracts, we need to process this as change order 1 to the Fountain Valley contract.. I also believe we need the site specific stuff for this project.. Kay. All,. Attachment contains latest revision reflecting order for two additional stacks, six power stabilizers and moving cost for the Fountain Valley Project.	Attachment contains latest revision reflecting order for two additional stacks, six power stabilizers and moving cost for the Fountain Valley Project.	Please review and let me know if additional changes are required or recommended.
3. Title policy:  Lets go ahead and take the additional coverage, I think it			Cheryl,
Please review and let me know your thoughts.	Bob -. Attached are the revisions that should be proposed by Enron for the BETA and Fee Agreement.	Attached are the revisions that should be proposed by Enron for the BETA and Fee Agreement.	Please review and let me know your thoughts.
Please send me an electronic copy of the document provided to the city			Please send me an electronic copy of the document provided to the city attorney on Monday.
Please send a copy whether it is in an email or on paper.	Jason, We don t have a valid copy of Virgil s resume in the system.. We really need one.	We really need one.	Please send a copy whether it is in an email or on paper.
identify yourself, please submit your name and phone number with your lette	This is to remind you that various anonymous reporting facilities are 20 available for you to report violations of Company policy and suspected 20 criminal conduct by any officer, employee, or agent of Enron relating to th e 20 performance of his or her duties.. These reporting facilities are also 20 available for your questions, messages, comments, and suggestions.. Any policy violation or criminal conduct may be reported by letter, e-mail , 20 or voice mail, as set forth below, describing the suspected violation or 20 criminal conduct with as much detail as possible to allow Enron to conduct an 20 investigation of the reported matter.. 1. Letters should be sent to the Confidential Post Office Box: 20. Enron Compliance Officer Confidential - Conduct of Business Affairs 20 P. O.. Box 1188 20 Houston, Texas PHONE . 2.. E-mails should be sent to the Office of the Chairman 01,s e-mail box: 20 Employees with Enron e-mail can access this box by sending an e-mail to the 20 Office of the Chairman.. Simply type 01 Office of the Chairman 018 in the address 20 box, type your message, and send.. Your message will be completely 20 anonymous.. If, however, you copy your message and e-mail it to someone els e, 20 the copy will not be anonymous.. 20. 3.. Voice mail messages should be left with the Office of the Chairman voice 20 mail box.. You can access the Office of the Chairman voice mail box at 7 PHONE .. If you call from your extension or an outside line, your message 20 will be completely anonymous.. If, however, you access the voice mail box 20 while you are in the Enron voice mail system, your message will not be 20 anonymous.. You may, but are not required to, identify yourself.	You may, but are not required to, identify yourself.	If you would like to 20 identify yourself, please submit your name and phone number with your lette r 20 or message.
Please remove her from all	Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.	Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.	Please remove her from all mailing lists.
To apply today, please fill out the express form below.	COMPLETE CREDIT CARD PROCESSING SYSTEMS FOR YOUR BUSINESS.. INTERNET - HOME BASED - MAIL ORDER - PHONE ORDER Do you accept credit cards?. Your competition does!. Everyone Approved - Credit Problems OK!. Approval in less than 24 hours!. Increase your sales by 300 Start Accepting Credit Cards on your website!. Free Information, No Risk, 100 confidential.. Your name and information will not be sold to thrid parties!. Home Businesses OK!. Phone/Mail Order OK!. No Application Fee, No Setup Fee!. Close More Impulse Sales!. Everyone Approved!. Good Credit or Bad!	Good Credit or Bad!	To apply today, please fill out the express form below.
Please forward the TEPI gty for signature.	Gerald,. March 1 is the correct effective date.. Please route the ENA gty for signature.. thanks for your help.. Trevor,	Trevor,	Please forward the TEPI gty for signature.
Please scroll down	Pursuant to your conversation with Steve Kean yesterday, I have attached to this Email several documents we have recently submitted to the White House for its consideration.. I hope this material is useful to you.. We have also prepared a comprehensive confirmation briefing book on FERC.. It is a very detailed compendium of documents on FERC s structure, operations, historical policy decisions, and current issues.. I will call your office today to see if you would like us to provide you a copy of this material.. I look forward to meeting you.. My contact s are: o PHONE , h PHONE , and cell PHONE .	My contact s are: o PHONE , h PHONE , and cell PHONE .	Please scroll down
Please respond to eldon	Hotel res works for us.	Hotel res works for us.	Eldon Sellers eldon interx.net 12/21/2000 05:10 PM Please respond to eldon To: Cameron Sellers E-mail camsell pacbell.net , Cameron Sellers E-mail 2 cameron perfect.com , Eldon E-mail eldonsellers hotmail.com , Eldon Sellers E-mail eldon interx.net , Nancy Sellers E-mail Nancy.Sellers mondavi.com , Jeffrey Dasovich E-mail jdasovic enron.com , Prentice Sellers E-mail psellers haas.berkeley.edu , Prentice Sellers E-mail 2 Psellers pacbell.net , Scott Laughlin E-mail scottwl hotmail.com cc: Subject: FW: Reservation Confirmation
Please get me Pat Wood s phone number and post a reminder on my calendar to			Please get me Pat Wood s phone number and post a reminder on my calendar to call him ASAP
Please forward to ET S officers.			Please forward to ET S officers.
Fran, can you sign me up for the Leadership Training on 10/31-11/02?			Fran, can you sign me up for the Leadership Training on 10/31-11/02?
Please respond as soon	Dear Real-Timers,. We are having the same problem with Montana Power s checkout as we had last month: the volume of disputes is overwhelming!. !. I have looked at the Inc sheets and found that EnPower matches the Inc. sheets.. But in fairness to MPC s disputes, last month when I trusted the Inc sheets, and I pulled the tapes, I found that our Inc. sheets were wrong in a number of places.. Mike and I are doing the March 2001 checkout and are having trouble finding your logs, your notebooks, or any information regarding the dates in question.. I am listing below the dates and HE that we are having disputes for.. Please look at your logs and let me know the MW value, price, and who you spoke to at MPC at what time.. Please do not give me what the Inc sheets say, as Mike and I have already looked at them.. I expect an answer from each of you ASAP.. 3/01/01 Meyers / Guzman HE 1 sold to WESCO HE 4 sold to PowerEx 3/02/01 Causholli/Salisbury sent to Holden HE 8 sold to Sempra 3/06/01 Meyers/Salisbury Solberg/Harasin HE 13 2 deals HE 21 sold to Snohomish 3/08/01 Meyers/Harasin HE 1 sold to Sempra HE 2 sold to Sempra 3/10/01 Causholli/Solberg Slinger/Guzman HE 7 not in INC, but in EnPower HE 8 sold to Powerex HE 15 slod to PSPL 3/11/01 Meyers/Guzman HE 8 sold to PowerEx HE 9 sold to PowerEx 3/13/01 Causholli/Porter HE 9 sold to WESCO 3/14/01 Salisbury/Meyers/Linder HE 2 2 deals 3/16/01 Salisbury/Porter Causholli HE 4 sold to SCL HE 20 sold to PSPL 3/21/01 Porter/Guzman HE 6 not in Inc 3/23/01 Meyers/Linder HE 13 sold to WESCO 3/28/01 Salisbury/Slinger Dean HE 5 sold to PSPL. As you can see, the number of dusputes is too large.	As you can see, the number of dusputes is too large.	Please respond as soon as possible so that we can chack out this week.
agreement, please print out two originals, have both signed and send same to	Please see the attached revised GISB for your review and execution.	Please see the attached revised GISB for your review and execution.	If in agreement, please print out two originals, have both signed and send same to my attention for final signature.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Roberta Sheaffer 891 Ashworth Lane Boalsburg, PA 16827 beauhan worldnet.att.net. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please coordinate with Sharon.			Please coordinate with Sharon.
After you install the Messenger, don t forget to add  prayerwarrior77013  as	Hi there,. Your friend prayerwarrior77013 has invited you dana.davis enron.com to sign up for Yahoo!. Messenger.. Message from prayerwarrior77013: I know that you may not be able to talk often, but we may be able to get a quick chat in everynow and then. Yahoo!. Messenger is a free messaging service that allows you to communicate instantly with friends, family, colleagues, and others online.. Use Yahoo!. Messenger to stay in touch with friends, to communicate privately in real-time, and to be notified when you receive new Yahoo Mail!.. Visit http://messenger.yahoo.com/ and grab all the information you need to download and install the software.	Visit http://messenger.yahoo.com/ and grab all the information you need to download and install the software.	After you install the Messenger, don t forget to add prayerwarrior77013 as a friend.
Please tell him to clarify which cp with the broker as the	Tom s in a meeting, but in his trade log he has APS crossed out and over it he s written Pinnacle.. So I m going to wait to find out what happened.. I ll let you know.. Kate. Tom Alonso deal 555159 Bloomberg shows cp as Arizona Public Service....we have Pinnacle West.. From my understanding from Rhonda trades can still be done under APS or Pinncale West.	From my understanding from Rhonda trades can still be done under APS or Pinncale West.	Please tell him to clarify which cp with the broker as the trade is being done.
please email these to me.	Jim,. I can send you copies of the reprints of some papers I wrote or co-authored.. Please, let me know how many copies do you need.. I shall prepare power point presentations for the student meeting and for the faculty meeting.. For the students: review of my group things we work on with an intention of generating some interest among the students and soliciting resumes.. For the faculty meeting: challenges that energy markets pose to financial modeling.. I shall be able to E-mail the Power Point presentations later this month.. Vince. Dear Vince,. Would you mind emailing to me a short biography/vita sometime when you get a chance?	Would you mind emailing to me a short biography/vita sometime when you get a chance?	Also, if you have a paper to circulate or any PowerPoint slides that you ll want to use either in your presentations to my students Thursday afternoon, 2/3, or to the faculty seminar on Friday morning, 2/4, please email these to me.
Please call these folks and see if you can set up a meeting of the East	Good morning.	Good morning.	Please call these folks and see if you can set up a meeting of the East Development team either Tuesday or Wednesday:
Please log off of your machines tonight.	Attention UBS Warburg Energy Users:. Please be aware that IT will begin migrations to UBSW Energy this evening.	Please be aware that IT will begin migrations to UBSW Energy this evening.	Please log off of your machines tonight.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Rhea Moriarity 3363 Madison Ave. V319 Boulder, CO 80303 rmoriarity hotmail.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please follow the steps to reset and synchronize your passwords.	IMAGE. ?. Thank you for using our automated self service password reset option.??. ?. ?. The user id and password in SAP Apollo Production and HR Production , eHRonline, iBuyit and iPayit are all synchronized.?. When you reset your password in eHRonline, it automatically synchronizes the password in the other systems.. ?. ?	?	Please follow the steps to reset and synchronize your passwords.
Please coordinate public	Looks like there is plenty of work to do, and I continue to believe shipping, etc.. has great possibility for Enron.. I d like to get a group of people to talk about plans going forward, and will fill you in shortly on time, where, etc.. One point is that it is our policy not to speak to the press without it being cleared through public relations first.. Your comments were interesting, but I was concerned about perception.	Your comments were interesting, but I was concerned about perception.	Please coordinate public statements, interviews, and the like through the proper channels going forward.
Can you help us by interviewing him in Sydney?	Dear Vince,. It was our privilege to have you here.. Paul s wife had a baby yesterday, and Paul will be back on Thursday.. So maybe item 3 can wait until Paul s return.. As for 2 , yes - i will need a PS reader :o Again, let us check Paul s diary on his return before fixing a time for Quentin Kerr. 1 1.. The resume you sent to me and Grant looks quite good.. I think it makes sense to interview this person and we can help you with a phone interview.. Is this Simon ??. ?. Thanks Raymond. Paul Raymond,. It took more than a few days to catch up after I came back from Australia.. There are few things I would like to bring up to your attention.. First of all, I would like to thank you for your hospitality.. I learned a lot about the Australian markets and was greatly impressed with the quality of the people at the Sydney office.. 1.. The resume you sent to me and Grant looks quite good.. I think it makes sense to interview this person and we can help you with a phone interview.. 2.. I have received another resume that looks very promising.. I am very interested in this guy and would be ready to bring him over to the States where we lack desperately technical talent.	I am very interested in this guy and would be ready to bring him over to the States where we lack desperately technical talent.	Can you help us by interviewing him in Sydney?
Can you just send 3 or 4 for this meeting and I will set up a	Daren. The number of interested people turned out to be larger than the room can handle.	The number of interested people turned out to be larger than the room can handle.	Can you just send 3 or 4 for this meeting and I will set up a secondary date for the others.
Check out the site - http://enron.referrals.com/promo.asp - let us	Enron Recruitment Technology is launching a new, easy to use, web-based Employee Referral Program.. This new site will help you to help Enron find the talent it needs.. Referrals are one of the best sources of talent for Enron in terms of quality and fit with Enron s culture.. We have found that referrals stay with the company longer and adapt faster than those hired through other sources.. This site will help us run a world-class employee referral program with less work and better results.. There are also incentives for you.. If you refer a candidate who is hired, you could be eligible to receive a cash reward of up to 5,000.. So help someone accelerate their career, make yourself some money, and help us realize our mission of being the World s No.. 1 Company.	1 Company.	Check out the site - http://enron.referrals.com/promo.asp - let us know what you think -- we want to hear from you.
please check 506503.01  Enron Sells SCEM/Mirant			Kate, Richter please check 506503.01 Enron Sells SCEM/Mirant we show sp-15 in system, Bloomberg has Np-15 25 mws 280.00 feb 2001
Please respond to freephonecalls postaweb.com			freephonecalls postaweb.com on 09/26/2000 10:32:09 PM Please respond to freephonecalls postaweb.com To: freephonecalls postaweb.com cc: Subject: It s Finally Here!
Please respond to  Chris Strickland   chris lacimagroup.com	Chris,. Thanks for the invitation.. Yes, I am interested in the training course.. I shall call Paul Bristow today.. Please, give me some indication regarding the dates.. Vince. Vincent Kaminski Managing Director - Research Enron Corp. 1400 Smith Street Room EB1962 Houston, TX PHONE . Phone: PHONE PHONE cell Fax : PHONE	Phone: PHONE PHONE cell Fax : PHONE	Chris Strickland chris lacimagroup.com on 02/06/2001 02:20:52 AM Please respond to Chris Strickland chris lacimagroup.com To: VinceJKaminski Vince.J.Kaminski enron.com cc: Vince home VKaminski aol.com Subject: EPRM course
please contact the sender and delete the material from any computer.	I need your EXCEPTIONAL help with this.... Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 01/30/2001 05:18 PM. Hello Kay -. It s been a long time since we ve last spoken and I hope things are well.. In November, Gregg Penman had sent me two confidentiality agreements related to enovate and asked that I forward any comments to you directly.. I finally have reviewed them and have a couple comments.. The only proposed changes that need explanation are in paragraphs 1 and 3 of each agreement.. Paragraphs 1 and 3 are typical provisions in a confidentiality agreement where each side is evaluating a transaction.. However, the confidential information disclosed under these particular agreements is going to be used not only for trading activities but also in connection with audit rights related to an existing and ongoing contractual relationship.. The confidentiality agreements should not affect enovate s and PMW s rights under the LLC Agreement.. Accordingly, the proposed changes are my attempt to clarify the usual text.. Please call if you wish to discuss.. I believe my procrastination has resulted in the business people wanting to sign these up next week, so your attention to this is appreciated.. Thanks.. Conf Ag enovate L.L.C.. evaluation of enovate LLC v1 ENOVATE CMTS MRK.doc Conf Ag Peoples Energy Resources Corp. evaluation of enovate LLC revision 3 PEC CMTS.doc. The information transmitted is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material.. Any review, retransmission, dissemination or other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon, this information by persons or entities other than the intended recipient is prohibited.	Any review, retransmission, dissemination or other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon, this information by persons or entities other than the intended recipient is prohibited.	If you received this in error, please contact the sender and delete the material from any computer.
Please verify the language in the attached document, make any necessary	Gentlemen-	Gentlemen-	Please verify the language in the attached document, make any necessary changes and return to me.
Please try to assure that any termination notices reaching the 6th floor credit war room are brought to you ASAP for review.	1.. The cc d individuals shown above are to be cc d on each e-mail communication relating to terminations by the counterparties shown below which have not yet terminated.. Communication on termination notices coming in should be made as soon as possible after receipt from the counterparty.	Communication on termination notices coming in should be made as soon as possible after receipt from the counterparty.	Please try to assure that any termination notices reaching the 6th floor credit war room are brought to you ASAP for review.
at all possible, please try to attend.	Ami,. Please attend this.. D. I wanted to let you know about this meeting in case you wanted any of your schedulers to attend.. Thanks Tricia. Forwarded by Tricia Bowen/HOU/ECT on 02/02/2000 10:15 AM. If you currently have any Kerr McGee production on your pipe, please plan to attend the meeting today in room 30C1 at 1:30.. This should be a very quick meeting.. We will be discussing everyone s roles and responsibilities in maintaining the Kerr McGee tickets in Sitara.	We will be discussing everyone s roles and responsibilities in maintaining the Kerr McGee tickets in Sitara.	I realize we are dealing with numerous cuts and renoms during the day, but if at all possible, please try to attend.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Maureen McGee 790 Alma Real Drive Pacific Palisades, CA 90272 milder.mcgee verizon.net. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please respond no later than 10 AM, Wednesday, October 10.	Tana, Kelly, Karen:. The product long description below will fall under the new product type:. 09US Benzene Fin Opt Credit Tom Moran/Wendi Lebrocq have approved copying the profiles for the new product type from the following:. 09US Unl Gasoline Fin Opt	09US Unl Gasoline Fin Opt	Please respond no later than 10 AM, Wednesday, October 10.
Please inform me on this.........	f.y.i.. Forwarded by Kevin G Moore/HOU/ECT on 01/07/2000 06:03 AM. Thanks Tommy , The locations are correct.. EB3131B AND EB3132B.. The persons at the locations are Trisha Tlapek and Michael Sergeev.. Thanks. Also we need a computer for Roman Zadorozhny location EB1972B.	Also we need a computer for Roman Zadorozhny location EB1972B.	Please inform me on this.........
Per yesterday s meeting discussion, please open the attachement from Bill			BUSINESS CONTINUITY AND ENERGY COMMITTEE MEMBERS: Per yesterday s meeting discussion, please open the attachement from Bill Smith.
Please contact me	please add to my schedule.. Please plan to attend a meeting to confirm promotions that will be held tomorrow, Tuesday, Jan. 9 beginning at 2:30 in EB3321.	Please plan to attend a meeting to confirm promotions that will be held tomorrow, Tuesday, Jan. 9 beginning at 2:30 in EB3321.	Please contact me with any questions.
TAFFY, PLS SEND ME TWO INITIALLED EXECUTION ORIGINALS OF THIS AMENDMENT.			TAFFY, PLS SEND ME TWO INITIALLED EXECUTION ORIGINALS OF THIS AMENDMENT.
Please forward this information, and feel free to	During our call on Friday, Ken Lay requested that I send additional information to him on emissions and siting requirements facing various power generation technologies.	During our call on Friday, Ken Lay requested that I send additional information to him on emissions and siting requirements facing various power generation technologies.	Please forward this information, and feel free to contact me if you have any additional concerns.
Can you prepare	Spoke with Ben Glisan re our conversation on retail credit and concluded that we should meet with some banks that specialize in this area.	Spoke with Ben Glisan re our conversation on retail credit and concluded that we should meet with some banks that specialize in this area.	Can you prepare a brief presentation that would serve as a discussion document for such a meeting.
Kay, please have Jordan forward this in hard copy to your attention.			Kay, please have Jordan forward this in hard copy to your attention.
Please call me to discuss.	yes, you can call Laurel for details.. Is this a new request?	Is this a new request?	Please call me to discuss.
Please review the attached non-standard discount letter for Duke Energy	I m OK on this, with one small change.. Please add /MMBtu after .08 in paragraph 3.. I just want it clearer that the 8 cent rate is per unit as utilized.. Thanks.. DF. TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE CONTRACT APPROVAL REQUEST	TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE CONTRACT APPROVAL REQUEST	Please review the attached non-standard discount letter for Duke Energy Trading Marketing.
Please give me a two or three sentence summary of the trading issue and court	Peter:	Peter:	Please give me a two or three sentence summary of the trading issue and court decision thereon in Blue Range.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Lisa Cohen 139 Sixth Ave Brooklyn, NY 11217 MsYentah aol.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
I don t seem to have Sarah s e-mail address, so please forward this to her as	Please find attached for your review revised documents and one new document for the Enovate loan, incorporating the terms of our discussion on Wednesday.. Attached are:. 1.. Closing Documents List which will double as Exhibit A to the Credit Agreement -- these are the items which must be delivered as a condition precedent to Enron s obligation to make any advances under the Credit Agreement ;. 2. Credit Agreement clean and black lined copy ; and. 3.. Promissory Note.. I have pared down the covenants as we discussed, reflecting that it is expected that EMW will remain the managing member of Enovate, and you do not wish to impose burdensome obligations on EMW.. In addition, as we discussed, I have modified Section 7.3 to place limitations on Enron s ability to amend certain material portions of the Credit Agreement, since the Peoples agreement will contain a mirror provision.. Please confirm that the limitations I included are acceptable.. Finally, please note that Section 7.5 currently places no limitations on Enron s ability to assign its rights and obligations under the Credit Agreement, which means that Peoples will also be able to assign freely.. Do you wish to place limitations on the lenders right to assign?	Do you wish to place limitations on the lenders right to assign?	I don t seem to have Sarah s e-mail address, so please forward this to her as well.
Please confirm whether this will work for you  or propose an alternate	Sara,. Nick Stephan has agreed to meet with us to inform us about various aspects of securities/commodities/futures trading.. Both Nick and I are flexible on our schedules, but propose Tuesday at 10:00am for a one-hour initial meeting.	Both Nick and I are flexible on our schedules, but propose Tuesday at 10:00am for a one-hour initial meeting.	Please confirm whether this will work for you or propose an alternate day/time so I can make arrangements for a meeting room.
Please supply Portland at their system in the most cost effective manner possible.	We are short at PGE system for 9/19/01.. HE15-18pdt, we are 25mw short.. HE 19-20pdt, we are 26mw short.. This is due to a lending deal done by the NW Cash desk.	This is due to a lending deal done by the NW Cash desk.	Please supply Portland at their system in the most cost effective manner possible.
Please plan to have the gas rerouted back down the valley line for	Are we going to have some quality problems with this gas?. EDG. Well- I have officially NOT heard from Hilcorp after numerous voice and email messages.	Well- I have officially NOT heard from Hilcorp after numerous voice and email messages.	Please plan to have the gas rerouted back down the valley line for the Dec 1 forward.
Please remove Koch	Please disregard the changes to the Agua Dulce product below.. Instead I need to change the Corpus Chr PoolX product.	Instead I need to change the Corpus Chr PoolX product.	Please remove Koch Refinery Meter 1244 from the Corpus product.
Please review and let me know if it makes	Thomas,. Here is a Calpine deal summary.. ENA would sell four LM-6000 turbines to Calpine.. Calpine would be responsible for permitting, constructing, financing and operating the peaking power plant in Eastern PJM.. ENA would enter into a short-terrm tolling agreement to buy power from Calpine for 3 or 5 years.. Work needed to be done : - getting VOM for LM-6000 from EE CC.. - getting flat capacity payment /kw-mo period for 3 and 5 years from Structuring group, based on VOM, Heat rate, dispatch, and location of the plant.. - building 20 year economic model to understand Calpine position.. Profit generator: We buy power from Calpine at lower price than that of ENA bid curve.. I think it will be helpful if Thomas call EE CC to get VOM ASAP, so that we can talk to Structuring group.	I think it will be helpful if Thomas call EE CC to get VOM ASAP, so that we can talk to Structuring group.	Please review and let me know if it makes sense, and then I will send you, Scott, Richard Park, and Tom Swank.
Nancy and Mike, please sign the attached and file it today, and deliver			Nancy and Mike, please sign the attached and file it today, and deliver copies to those staff members who got copies of our initial filing.
Please call me if we need to discuss.	Tana:. KN Marketing, L.P. is NOT authorized to trade US power products.. Not a current trading partner or FERC-authorized marketer we trade with KN Marketing, Inc.. Molly:. The credit profile for US power products was B except US East ICAP, which was X -- the profile for ICAP should be the same for the other power products.	The credit profile for US power products was B except US East ICAP, which was X -- the profile for ICAP should be the same for the other power products.	Please call me if we need to discuss.
Could you please look through these names and let us know if you approve.	Ed. Let s discuss.. Paul. Forwarded by Paul Simons/LON/ECT on 21/02/2000 17:16. Forwarded by Bryan Seyfried/LON/ECT on 21/02/2000 16:51. Bill. These are more names for European reference credits which Brian intends to trade offline.. With the exception of two names TXU Europe and Helsinga Energia the names look OK to me.. They are all either publicly rated investment grade names or e - rated 5 subs of major groups .. Are there any names here that you have an issue with ?. David. Forwarded by David Weekes/LON/ECT on 21/02/2000 15:00. Eklavya Sareen 16/02/2000 15:15. Dear All,. Attached is a list of 49 additional reference credits that we want to quote on the webpage.	Attached is a list of 49 additional reference credits that we want to quote on the webpage.	Could you please look through these names and let us know if you approve.
Please forward things to	John and Sam. It would be great if you would follow this for us.	It would be great if you would follow this for us.	Please forward things to me.
Please forward to public affairs group.			Please forward to public affairs group.
communication to others and please notify the sender at  713  207-7414.	I attended a very early GISB meeting where they were discussing this, and at that point in time, the scope of their efforts appeared to be limited to electronic commerce issues.. I think Jennifer Hein continued to attend the meetings, or at least she was for a while.. I guess I would like to get some idea of where it s headed before I go.. What do the rest of you think?. Geoff Mathews Associate Counsel Edison Mission Marketing Trading, Inc. 160 Federal Street Boston, MA PHONE Phone: PHONE Fax: PHONE . Please see attached.. While I am not opposed to the formation of the ESIB, I have several concerns based on preliminary indications that the EISB will publish a standardized contract for wholesale power transactions.. I d like to avoid a third or even fourth if you consider ERCOT still to be a viable option U.S. based wholesale power agreement.. As it appears that the formation of EISB is going forward, and has FERC endorsement, it might be worthwhile to attend this workshop.. Please let me know your thoughts.. Dede Russo Reliant Energy Law Department P.O.. Box 1384 Houston, TX PHONE 1111 Louisiana St., Suite PHONE 2 Phone: PHONE Facsimile: PHONE drusso reliant.com. The preceding e-mail message contains information that is confidential, may be protected by the attorney/client or other applicable privileges, and may constitute non-public information.. It is intended to be conveyed only to the designated recipient s .	It is intended to be conveyed only to the designated recipient s .	If you are not an intended recipient of this message, please do not read, copy or disclose the contents of this communication to others and please notify the sender at PHONE .
Please prepare a draft ISDA pursuant to the attached credit terms and deliver			Please prepare a draft ISDA pursuant to the attached credit terms and deliver a draft to Eliot Bonner.
Please call me at  713  853-3399 or Bob at  713  853-0397  if	At the request of Bob Shults, I am enclosing our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement for each of Amerex Natural Gas I, Ltd. and Amerex Power, Ltd.	At the request of Bob Shults, I am enclosing our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement for each of Amerex Natural Gas I, Ltd. and Amerex Power, Ltd.	Please call me at PHONE or Bob at PHONE if you have any comments or questions.
Could you please get us an Org Chart we can give to Dynegy.	Fran, Donnie Brown with Dynegy would like Shelley s Org Chart showing all the people that report to her Direct Reports.. The only one I had had cost center numbers on it and I wasn t sure we wanted to hand that out.	The only one I had had cost center numbers on it and I wasn t sure we wanted to hand that out.	Could you please get us an Org Chart we can give to Dynegy.
Please forward your schedules to me for next week.			Please forward your schedules to me for next week.
PLEASE CONFIRM THIS .	Thanks.. You da man.. I meant the top 4 contracts. Forwarded by Chris Germany/HOU/ECT on 10/19/2000 03:25 PM. You are correct.. The top 3 contracts were released to CES and the bottom one is released to ENA.. I will execute all of them and re-release the CES s contracts to ENA.. Everything looks fine with one exception.. The contract at the bottom K 61825 should have already been in ENA s name starting Nov-00 through Oct-2001.	The contract at the bottom K 61825 should have already been in ENA s name starting Nov-00 through Oct-2001.	PLEASE CONFIRM THIS .
Can you call me on this one?	The first one looks ok to me as long as someone has checked the accuracy of the reference to Gas Daily.. I have trouble with the second one.. This really looks like a basis swap so I think we need to start with basis swap language.	This really looks like a basis swap so I think we need to start with basis swap language.	Can you call me on this one?
Please review the attached and give me a call.	As usual, the lawyers are the last to know.. Stuart is working on a transaction to sell the asset Gleason , and therefore this ageement needs to be documented asap, which means in the next few days.	Stuart is working on a transaction to sell the asset Gleason , and therefore this ageement needs to be documented asap, which means in the next few days.	Please review the attached and give me a call.
Please activate the following long list of products:	Thank you for helping on the other two.	Thank you for helping on the other two.	Please activate the following long list of products:
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Vanessa Ament 384 Mesquite Lane Arroyo Grande, CA 93420 vtament charter.net. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Could you please verify that Frank s answers to the physical questions are			Stacy or Jeff: Could you please verify that Frank s answers to the physical questions are correct?
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Carla Borelli 190 Fox Hollow Road Woodside, CA 94062 carlab pacbell.net. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please contact her	I agree with the way you wnat to change the deal in the system i.e.. making the 1125 MMBtu of days/month the first gas through the meter on a monthly basis rather than a daily basis is the correct way to do it.. That is what the client expects and it will be difficult to get money out of them based on the other way.. Kim might want to contact the client if she wants to use the daily approach for future business.. C. Thank you I will speak to her about the new deal, but would she be the one to tell me about the old deal?. This is A/R issues for December 2000 and before.. isable. I:. Kim Ward in Houston x3-0685 is taking over management of this account.. My understanding of the new deal is that the fixed price deal expires 12/31 and Kim has renegotiated the arrangment at index .05/MMBtu.	My understanding of the new deal is that the fixed price deal expires 12/31 and Kim has renegotiated the arrangment at index .05/MMBtu.	Please contact her to confirm.
Please give me a call when you return	Chad -- Good to see you the other day.	Chad -- Good to see you the other day.	Please give me a call when you return to your office.
Please comment on section 1.6 of the attached document.			Gerald, Please comment on section 1.6 of the attached document.
Please save this message with your new registered email address for future reference.	Dear plucci01. We received your request and have successfully changed your registered email address at Match.com.	We received your request and have successfully changed your registered email address at Match.com.	Please save this message with your new registered email address for future reference.
Please prepare an amendment to the existing guaranties	Hey Gerald,. Enron Corp. and Texaco Inc. currently have issued 12MM guaranties to Superior Natural Gas.. The obligations under the guaranties are several and not joint obligations.. The customer has asked that we increase these guaranties to 25MM.	The customer has asked that we increase these guaranties to 25MM.	Please prepare an amendment to the existing guaranties and have Enron execute a hardcopy original, delivering such copy to me at 2860b.
Pls coordinate a vacation schedule planner for me for all of the staff from now until the end of the year   including Jan  .			Pls coordinate a vacation schedule planner for me for all of the staff from now until the end of the year including Jan .
place-Churrasco s, America s, Ruggles, Benji s, Sullivans-please send a	The 19th or the 22nd works for me.. As far as restaurants go I think we should try a place that hasn t been blessed with our presence.. My vote is for Benji s.. see you girls soon!. hope all is well. lisa. Hi Girls!. It s that time again.. We need to get everyone together for our annual Christmas Dinner.. I have spoken to many of you and tried to come up with a good time for everyone.. Unfortunately, there doesn t seem to be a perfect day , but how about Friday-Dec. 22nd?. Please respond and tell me what you think.	Please respond and tell me what you think.	I have had a few suggestions for a place-Churrasco s, America s, Ruggles, Benji s, Sullivans-please send a suggestion.
Glenda, per our conversation on this morning, please complete the following request for the TW Commercial Group:			Glenda, per our conversation on this morning, please complete the following request for the TW Commercial Group:
Kay:  Please forward an executed copy of CO 2 so we can continue issuing	Tracee:. Attached is CO 1 which was signed and executed:. Attached is a draft of CO 2 which may or may not have been signed:	Attached is a draft of CO 2 which may or may not have been signed:	Kay: Please forward an executed copy of CO 2 so we can continue issuing Change Orders.
Can you update me?	Hi, Susan!. I work with the FX/rate desk and Darren Delage is currently residing in Tokyo and trading.. I have a conversation this evening with Alan Aronowitz, John Viverito and Darren to discuss Japan issues.. At the moment, Darren has exeacuted several trades.. These are being documented in Houston AS ENRON NORTH AMERICA CORP. trades.. I had assumed that all trades would be done in the name of the Japanese financial trading entity; I have no idea who is handling back office functions.	I had assumed that all trades would be done in the name of the Japanese financial trading entity; I have no idea who is handling back office functions.	Can you update me?
Please keep us updated on the status of your project.	On behalf of the Jones Graduate School at Rice University, we would like to thank all of the company representatives who have submitted Action Learning Project ALP proposals.. Currently, the ALP faculty committee is reviewing all proposals received.. We also want to remind those who are planning to submit proposals of our December 1st deadline.	We also want to remind those who are planning to submit proposals of our December 1st deadline.	Please keep us updated on the status of your project.
Please run the minibook requested below and forward to Ellen.			Please run the minibook requested below and forward to Ellen.
Could you check this itenerary for Barry Tycholiz but make it refundable?	Diane,	Diane,	Could you check this itenerary for Barry Tycholiz but make it refundable?
Please address Cooper s questions, or forward to the Calgary office.	Julianne,	Julianne,	Please address Cooper s questions, or forward to the Calgary office.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Greg Maloney 318 Lexington Ave. Pitman, NJ 08071 GPMaloney yahoo.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Note to approvers - please approve these expense reports quickly.	In anticipation of the imminent closing of the UBSW Energy transaction, please have all outstanding employee expenses in your possession filed through Enron s XMS system as soon as possible.	In anticipation of the imminent closing of the UBSW Energy transaction, please have all outstanding employee expenses in your possession filed through Enron s XMS system as soon as possible.	Note to approvers - please approve these expense reports quickly.
Please notify us	This e-mail is confidential and may well also be legally privileged.. If you have received it in error, you are on notice of its status.	If you have received it in error, you are on notice of its status.	Please notify us immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message from your system.
the change order  or has EECC do it , I give it a sanity check and arrange	Wow, I didn t know I could control anything!. Change order 2 was initialled by Dale and signed by Chris on November 2, re stack extensions.. I also have a hand marked up change order form from Ed Danhaus referring to brush power system stabilizers.. Is this what you are looking for?	Is this what you are looking for?	The procedure has been that the project team/attorney prepares the draft of the change order or has EECC do it , I give it a sanity check and arrange for signature from GE.
Please review this Change Order and let me know if we can live with these	Please find attached a copy of the latest revision of Change Order 1 to the Blue Dog contract with GE.. The attached letter from Jeff Darst is now gone, but GE is insisting that warranty language be included to the Change Order.. I ve talked to Jeff Darst about removing the language and had his verbal agreement that some of the language could be removed, but just received written comments back from him today with not only the same warranty wording, but some additional warranty language in Part III.. These changes would be added to Section 14.1.2 Warranty Clarifications in the contract.	These changes would be added to Section 14.1.2 Warranty Clarifications in the contract.	Please review this Change Order and let me know if we can live with these warranty provisions.
candidates please respond to contact information listed	Dear Alumni,. Please see opportunity for Chief Operating Officer with The Center for Teen Empowerment in Boston, MA.. The Center is a community organizing agency founded in 1992 to help inner-city youth build communities and schools.	The Center is a community organizing agency founded in 1992 to help inner-city youth build communities and schools.	Interested candidates please respond to contact information listed below job description.
Keegan to get Kate Cole s signatures for the Consent Form so please follow up	Stephanie, from our end, we have executed a brokerage agreement between ECT and GSI.. I am forwarding to you the two originals to send back.. If possible, please put in the mail today since there is a huge rush on getting it back.. The fed ex envelope attached has the address.. Send to Sarah Stowey s attention.. Please make sure that the accompanying documents are all there.	Please make sure that the accompanying documents are all there.	I asked Keegan to get Kate Cole s signatures for the Consent Form so please follow up to get that form from Keegan.
Please respond to websupport moneynet.com			Portfolio Tracker ptracker moneynet.com on 05/30/2000 05:53:59 PM Please respond to websupport moneynet.com To: jarnold ei.enron.com cc: Subject: Portfolio for jennifer arnold as of Tue May 30 18:43:22 2000
So, mark your calendars and don 01,t forget to stop by and see your Informa	Communication is one of Enron 01,s key values.. In our continuing effort t o 20 increase communication with our customers, Enron Net Works is hosting a 20 Technology Showcase.. The purpose of this showcase is to keep you, our 20 customer, aware of the tools available to you today as well as plans for th e 20 future.. Come see and hear about the future of 01 .. Laptops, Desktops, 20 Operating Systems, Messaging, and much more.. Come join the fun and learn more about:. Demonstrations ?. Hardware 01 Laptops, Desktops, Printers, Scanners, Handhelds ?. Windows 2000 01 Hear about Project GEM The Global Enron Migration to 20 Windows 2000 First look at new workstation operating system.. ?. Messaging 01 See the future of messaging including voice integration, f axing 20 ability, handheld integration, etc.. 20 ?. Web Site 01 Announcing the New Information Technology Web Site ?. Remote Connectivity 01 Get all your questions answered!. ?. SRRS 01 See the future Security Recourse Request System in action!. ?. Pagenet Pagers 01 Two way paging helps you stay in touch ?. Houston Cellular 01 Available choices. Information Booths ?. Training 01 Information on available classes.. ?. Resolution Center 01 Come hear about the new name and mission of the He lp 20 Desk ?. Customer Care 01 New Unit focusing on your satisfaction.. Surveys, Feed back, 20 etc.. 20. Prizes Must complete survey to be eligible for drawing.. ?. Autographed Houston Aeros Hockey Stick and Puck ?. Houston Astro Tickets ?. Laptop case with wheels ?. Shirts	Shirts	So, mark your calendars and don 01,t forget to stop by and see your Informa tion 20 Technology Team in Action!
Mark, can you participate in the ISDA call on Friday?			Mark, can you participate in the ISDA call on Friday?
You can either call me on my cell or have Jeanie walk list across.	...some bonuses this week with some reclaw plus penalty , putting aside yourselves, the guys we already took care of, Colwell, Headicke, Beck and my people, is there anyone else in EA you would like to make a case to pay?. Plan today is to get these names and proposed numbers pulled together for Greg this evening.. Plan was to ask Colwell, Headicke etc., separately, if you want to review their names I can let you see them later tonight.. I plan to sit over in old building 16.71 and do this this afternoon noon till 5pm.	I plan to sit over in old building 16.71 and do this this afternoon noon till 5pm.	You can either call me on my cell or have Jeanie walk list across.
call me when you have a chance.	Hi, fellow team mates, I have reviewed EPNG s comments on Exhibit 28 et al.. I find them interesting in view of their version of history.. I guess its Socal s fault there is a mismatch at Topock.. Its a little more disturbing their comments on the new or expanded interconnection protocol contained in the CSA.. It makes you wonder about their commercial ambitions.	It makes you wonder about their commercial ambitions.	Please call me when you have a chance.
09NOTE:  Please insert appropriate  01 Seller 01,s Payment 018 if  01 minu	Tana, Peter asked me to e-mail this to you:. AECO 01 C 018 MONTHLY INDEX Canadian. CONTRACT PRICE: 09The Contract Price, for each delivery Month, shall be a p rice in 20 Canadian dollars per GJ equal to the AECO 01 C 018 Monthly Index, minus/pl us Cdn.. 20 per GJ, where: 01 AECO 01 C 018 Monthly Index 018 means the price in Canadian 20 dollars per GJ in the 01 Avg 018 column published in the table 01 Canadia n Natural 20 Gas Supply Prices 018, in the Canadian Gas Price Reporter, in the row for 20 01 Alberta-AECO 01 C 018 NIT One-Month Spot 018, for the applicable del ivery Month.	20 per GJ, where: 01 AECO 01 C 018 Monthly Index 018 means the price in Canadian 20 dollars per GJ in the 01 Avg 018 column published in the table 01 Canadia n Natural 20 Gas Supply Prices 018, in the Canadian Gas Price Reporter, in the row for 20 01 Alberta-AECO 01 C 018 NIT One-Month Spot 018, for the applicable del ivery Month.	09NOTE: Please insert appropriate 01 Seller 01,s Payment 018 if 01 minu s 018 is used in 20 Contract Price and if Customer is the Seller.
the first time please scroll down.	Hi Kathy -. I m Dana Davis.. A member of Veterans Memorial are you still sending information/directions regarding Edith s bridal shower on Dec. 2nd?. I m resending this email because it appears that I am having problems forwarding to my sisters email address.. The address is kathy d lacy reliantenergy.com.. If you care to respond, please remember to copy me as well and I m sure one of us will get the information.	If you care to respond, please remember to copy me as well and I m sure one of us will get the information.	For those of you who did receive this email the first time please scroll down.
can you fill this out for me?			can you fill this out for me?
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Charlene Inglis 3516 Casey Key Nokomis, FL 34275 ICARE87855 aol.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please contact John Lavorato.			Please contact John Lavorato.
Please fill in where it is pertinent and monitor word count to 550.	Mike-. Attached please find a first draft for your Executive Letter for the newsletter.. I m sorry that it is so sketchy.. EGM is doing so much and I m not sure what you want to focus on right now!. I am afraid if I keep going, I will be way over the word count for our space allotment.. Right now, there are 404 words.	Right now, there are 404 words.	Please fill in where it is pertinent and monitor word count to 550.
In light of this, please make sure your Confirmation copy includes the GTC.	Diane or Patrick,. I need help from one of you in connection with providing copies of the Confirmation s for the following Counterparties:. Boise Cascade Corporation Dial Corporation The Lin Pac, Inc. Master Packaging N.B.. Inc. Norske Skog Canada Limited Rand-Whitney Container Board, L.P.. ENA does not have a master in place for the above-mentioned, therefore, the confirmations, will provide the information needed for review.	ENA does not have a master in place for the above-mentioned, therefore, the confirmations, will provide the information needed for review.	In light of this, please make sure your Confirmation copy includes the GTC.
Maureen please check my calendar			Maureen please check my calendar
Please review the POGO work order at N:/homedept/facility/tw/tw 2001/pogo			Please review the POGO work order at N:/homedept/facility/tw/tw 2001/pogo ic.xls.
please call the Development Center Team at 713-853-0357.	Thank you for supporting Janette Elbertson in attending Successful Working Relationships - Creating Understanding on November 3, 2000.. 450 has been charged to your Company and RC.	450 has been charged to your Company and RC.	If you have any questions, please call the Development Center Team at PHONE .
questions and I need your help finalizing the scenarios that we talked	Hi Dutch,	Hi Dutch,	I am preparing for the final signoff phase on the graphics and practice questions and I need your help finalizing the scenarios that we talked about two weeks ago for Futures and Options.
experienced difficulty reaching the radio stations in the past so please call	As winter approaches and the possibility of inclement weather, I want to remind you of the process we have in place to notify you if the office will be closed or have a delayed start.. You are encouraged to call PHONE , PHONE or PHONE for an announcement regarding the closing of the office.. We will also attempt to contact the following radio stations:. KFAB 1110 AM KKAR 1290 AM KQKQ 98 FM. to have them broadcast an announcement.	to have them broadcast an announcement.	As you are probably aware, we have experienced difficulty reaching the radio stations in the past so please call one of the numbers listed above if you don t hear an announcement on the radio.
Could you resend it?	debut day-BYOO, DAY-byoo noun. 1.. A first public appearance on a stage, on television, etc.. 2.. The first appearance of something, as a new product.. 3.. The formal introduction and entrance of a young woman into society, as at an annual ball.. 4.. The beginning of a profession, career, etc.. verb intr.. 1.. To make a debut, as in society or in a performing art.. 2.. To appear for the first time, as on the market.. verb tr.. 1.. To perform for the first time before an audience.. 2.. To place on the market for the first time; introduce.. adjective. Of, pertaining to, or constituting a first appearance:. French debut, from debuter, to give the first stroke in a game, begin : de-, from, away from Old French de- but, goal, target, from Old French butte.. The suspense builds from the first pages of Mary Howard s debut novel-- a book so sure-handed and graceful that you might forget it s a murder mystery.. Nina Sonenberg, Discovering the Body book review , The New York Times, Oct 8, 2000.. This week s theme: semordnilaps, or words that spell other words when reversed.. .............................................................................. Fame is a vapor; popularity an accident; the only earthly certainty is oblivion.. -Mark Twain, author and humorist PHONE . Q: Some time ago you featured a quote about foo in AWAD.	Q: Some time ago you featured a quote about foo in AWAD.	Could you resend it?
Please email me with requests for central deals.			Please email me with requests for central deals.
Please, send the bio.	Shirely,	Shirely,	Please, send the bio.
Please contact Cathy Phillips  X-36898  and let her know if you are	I would like to invite you and a guest to join me for the annual Juvenile Diabetes Foundation Gala to be held on May 12, 2001 at the Westin Galleria.. The guest speaker this year will be General Norman Schwarzkof.	The guest speaker this year will be General Norman Schwarzkof.	Please contact Cathy Phillips X-36898 and let her know if you are interested in attending.
Please follow up with chris.			Please follow up with chris.
Please prepare a draft and send to:	Debra, Can you please forward the attached contract to Dave Hutchens.. Debra -. Attached is a worksheet for another new Master Firm Purchase/Sale, this time for Tucson Electric Power Company.	Attached is a worksheet for another new Master Firm Purchase/Sale, this time for Tucson Electric Power Company.	Please prepare a draft and send to:
Please notify Lisa Lees	Tana:. Please prepare an execution copy of the Talisman ETA in the form attached below.. Dave has approved this letter agreement.	Dave has approved this letter agreement.	Please notify Lisa Lees when you send out the final execution copy to Talisman for signature.
Please replace the	FYi. The attached electronic version of Section 5.4 integrates the changes noted by underline on the hard copy I left in your office the other day.. I took this opportunity to also divide Section 5.4 into 2 subparagraphs for clarity s sake.. I also inserted a new sentence at the end of subparagraph A which was suggested by Enron Risk Management at a meeting I had with them yesterday.. I will be adding this insert in the standard Limitation of Liabilitysection in the GPG O M forms of agreement.	I will be adding this insert in the standard Limitation of Liabilitysection in the GPG O M forms of agreement.	Please replace the currect section 5.4 in the Calpine O M with the attached.
Please make the appropriate changes to be reflected in PEP.	Frank, I ve already told Sally about these 3 needed corrections in final rankings.. Would you please get the necessary information to Susan Wimberly so that we can get this straightened out in PEP and in the GCS as soon as possible?. Thanks, hgm. Susan, As you can see the Dec. 1 PRC date loaded after the Dec. 8th PRC and changed the intended final rankings for the 3 Directors in the attachment below.	Susan, As you can see the Dec. 1 PRC date loaded after the Dec. 8th PRC and changed the intended final rankings for the 3 Directors in the attachment below.	Please make the appropriate changes to be reflected in PEP.
PLEASE FORWARD TO ANYONE APPROPRIATE:			PLEASE FORWARD TO ANYONE APPROPRIATE:
Please include the body of this message in any correspondence to PA Discount InkJet  050130  regarding this order.	This message is to confirm that an order has been placed with PA Discount InkJet 050130 .. If you suspect that this order has been placed fraudulently, please contact PA Discount InkJet 050130 at discount-ink prodigy.net.	If you suspect that this order has been placed fraudulently, please contact PA Discount InkJet 050130 at discount-ink prodigy.net.	Please include the body of this message in any correspondence to PA Discount InkJet 050130 regarding this order.
To unsubscribe, send a message to unsubscribe ashford.com   and put the word  remove  in the subject line.	IMAGE. IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE Let us hear from you.. If you have any suggestions or any problems with your email, or if you need to change your email address, please contact jschunter ashford.com.. IMAGE You are receiving this email because you have subscribed to the Ashford newsletter.	IMAGE You are receiving this email because you have subscribed to the Ashford newsletter.	To unsubscribe, send a message to unsubscribe ashford.com and put the word remove in the subject line.
Hyatt from 11:30 a.m. - 1:00 p.m.  Please RSVP before Wednesday, August 30			The United Way Day of Caring is September 15!
Can you please add Greg Whalley to the distribution on this report, which by			Can you please add Greg Whalley to the distribution on this report, which by the way is quite bebficial to us.
We now need your help to make sure we are successful on	Dear Chamber Members,. The time for you to make a difference is now!. We have only 10 days until we elect a new president and a new Congress, and the U.S. Chamber needs your help.. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce represents you - America s business community - and now is when we can make a difference.. Helping to elect pro-business candidates is not something we should take for granted.. That s why the U.S. Chamber has been working hard over the past few months to help pro-business candidates get elected.. We ve endorsed these candidates, campaigned on their behalf, donated to their campaigns, and, most importantly, lent them the awesome reputation of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce.	We ve endorsed these candidates, campaigned on their behalf, donated to their campaigns, and, most importantly, lent them the awesome reputation of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce.	We now need your help to make sure we are successful on November 7th.
Please print all attachments and make a folder:  Tolling  Enron tolling .			Please print all attachments and make a folder: Tolling Enron tolling .
reply to this email with the words  CANCEL  or send an email to cancel trad	IMAGE 09. IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE Syncrasy, LLC?	IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE Syncrasy, LLC?	PHONE Off PHONE Fax 909 Texas Avenue Suite 1314 H ouston, TX 77002 www.syncrasy.com Sales: PHONE D evelopment Offices: PHONE Off PHONE Fax 835 Main Avenue Suite 221 Durango, CO 81301 09 09 IMAGE Complimentary version of Trader Summary from Syncrasy, LLC and APB Energy Inc. - If you woul d like to receive this product early in the morning please call Syncr asy at PHONE for more information or send an email to subscrib e TraderSummary syncrasy.com - If you would like to be added to this da ily email list please send an email to TraderSummaryemail syncrasy.co m - If you would like to be removed from this daily email please reply to this email with the words CANCEL or send an email to cancel trad ersummary syncrasy.com Data last updated: Tuesday, Nov 20, 2001 at 10 :35AM EST Commentary last updated: Tuesday, Nov 20, 2001 at 09:42AM EST Meteorologist: Andy Weingarten... APB Energy / True Quote Congratulat ions Andy Weingarten, APB Energy!
Hi Kristy, please track down electronic form of the four students that we			Hi Kristy, please track down electronic form of the four students that we interviewed 2 stanford, 2 MIT .
Please check to see if they are booked as kern/opal by	Please check the gd swap cheyenne positions for March.. I am confident that I have cheyenne short positions on this month, but they are not showing up in the intraday tab.	I am confident that I have cheyenne short positions on this month, but they are not showing up in the intraday tab.	Please check to see if they are booked as kern/opal by mistake.
Please respond to her  and copy me if via	Carol St. Clair EB 38 PHONE Phone PHONE Fax carol.st.clair enron.com. Kristina, here are the proposed changes to the Assignment Consent Agreement.. Our attorney is Carol St. Clair .	Our attorney is Carol St. Clair .	Please respond to her and copy me if via email with your response to the proposed changes.
this label or have other questions, please email Heather at hmathis enron.com or call her at  713  853-9006.			If you would like to see the form of this label or have other questions, please email Heather at hmathis enron.com or call her at PHONE .
Please review it carefully, as I have thrown in	Dan Douglass has drafted joint comments for two coalitions in which Enron is a member -- Alliance for Retail Energy Markets and Western Power Trading Forum.. Robert, feel free to contact Dan directly with your comments.. Let me know your thoughts as well.. I am out of the office at a WPTF meeting.. Dan is here as well.. If you need to contact me, you can leave me a message on my office phone or try my cell 4 PHONE , but I m not sure the cell is working all the time.. Sue Mara Enron Corp. Tel: PHONE Fax: PHONE . Attached for your review and comment is my first draft of comments to be filed on Monday with regard to the draft decisions of ALJ Barnett and Commissioner Bilas.?	Attached for your review and comment is my first draft of comments to be filed on Monday with regard to the draft decisions of ALJ Barnett and Commissioner Bilas.?	Please review it carefully, as I have thrown in everything I can think of on a rush basis, and it may require some significant editing.?
EB 3892  the insurance form that I need or fax it to me at 646-3393.	Michele: I just wanted to confirm with you that you had everything you need in connection with my maternity leave/leave of absence.. As I think I indicated to you, the December 31 date that Mark gave in his e-mail to you is a tentative date and I may return earlier or with Mark s permission, extend the date.. Please call me if you have any questions.. I will send you the doctor s note showing the delivery date once that occurs.. could you please send me your fax number?	could you please send me your fax number?	Also, could you please have someone deliver to me EB 3892 the insurance form that I need or fax it to me at PHONE .
Employees on floors 33, 35, 44, 45, 46, and 47, please attend the floor meeting on Wednesday, February 6, from 9:30 - 10:30 near EB4712b.	Please mark your calendar for EGS floor meetings.. Employees on floors 11, 13, 39, 40, 42, and 43, please attend the floor meeting on Tuesday, February 5, from 2:30 - 3:30 near EB3922.	Employees on floors 11, 13, 39, 40, 42, and 43, please attend the floor meeting on Tuesday, February 5, from 2:30 - 3:30 near EB3922.	Employees on floors 33, 35, 44, 45, 46, and 47, please attend the floor meeting on Wednesday, February 6, from 9:30 - 10:30 near EB4712b.
could you please forward to Scott Miller  email below  our short			could you please forward to Scott Miller email below our short confidentiality, non-solicitation and non-compete agreement?
Would you plese E-mail me or call me with a list of who else needs to see this sometime tomorrow, per Mark.	Matt,. Would you please make sure that David gets to see this tomorrow.. Mark asked me to send this so you could print it out and have Dave look at it and then recommend would else ought to see it.	Mark asked me to send this so you could print it out and have Dave look at it and then recommend would else ought to see it.	Would you plese E-mail me or call me with a list of who else needs to see this sometime tomorrow, per Mark.
Please put this on my calendar, thanks			Please put this on my calendar, thanks
TK could you update these prices for me for the Stan Presentation  one more time - it s due to Tracy on Thurs ?			TK could you update these prices for me for the Stan Presentation one more time - it s due to Tracy on Thurs ?
Please send questions to abuse zoomerang.com.	Hi, Early registration for the Pac Rim and Latin American tours this January is way down this year.. We recognize that this is a difficult time in many respects - we would like your input to determine if we have to cancel one or both of these trips.. Thank you very much, Pac Rim Club Latin American Club. Go to: http://www.zoomerang.com/survey.zgi?R36SLM5WCARQMQR2HAN9R1FJ Please click this link now or go online and retype the address into your Web browser .. If you do not want to take this or other surveys, please click reply and ask the survey creator to remove you from the email list.. Zoomerang is a survey clearinghouse.. We do not censor the questions or messages in the surveys or the invitations to take surveys that third parties may propound, nor do we censor the responses you may provide.. The sender of a survey is solely responsible for the subject matter and contents of the survey invitation and survey in which you participate, and you are solely responsible for the contents of your response.. According to Zoomerang s Terms of Agreement, http://www.zoomerang.com/join/terms-of-agreement.html survey senders promise that they have an ongoing business or personal relationship or they ve obtained consent to send emails to survey recipients.	According to Zoomerang s Terms of Agreement, http://www.zoomerang.com/join/terms-of-agreement.html survey senders promise that they have an ongoing business or personal relationship or they ve obtained consent to send emails to survey recipients.	Please send questions to abuse zoomerang.com.
Fran, could you work with Emily and find a time?	I had a prior obligation at lunch on Mon.. We need to reschedule the Leadership Dev.. mtg.	mtg.	Fran, could you work with Emily and find a time?
At Alan s request, please provide to me by e-mail  with a cc: to Alan  by			At Alan s request, please provide to me by e-mail with a cc: to Alan by Thursday of this week your suggested changes to the March 2001 Monthly Report, so that we can issue the April 2001 Monthly Report by the end of this week.
But, I m still here; give me a call when you get a	Thanks for the note and congratulations.. Sorry we didn t get a chance to talk before you left.	Sorry we didn t get a chance to talk before you left.	But, I m still here; give me a call when you get a chance - 1586.
give me a call about the presentation.	Randy: Here is the latest version of the work-in-progress pitch book.. Please make comments and send back.	Please make comments and send back.	I will contnue to add to it, so please fell free to give me a call about the presentation.
Give me a call.			Give me a call.
I am flying back to Portland tomorrow morning at about 9:30 arriving at 12:00 Please call me at 503-807-8959 or e-mail me w/ and update on you talks w/ CSC.	Diann,	Diann,	I am flying back to Portland tomorrow morning at about 9:30 arriving at 12:00 Please call me at PHONE or e-mail me w/ and update on you talks w/ CSC.
Tim, it is all yours please communicate ASAP to Jana Jovanni in the A A			Tim, it is all yours please communicate ASAP to Jana Jovanni in the A A program.
Could you please answer Mark s question?			Mark: Could you please answer Mark s question?
can you check with bob again, because i got confirms on the deals.			can you check with bob again, because i got confirms on the deals.
Gerald, could you please verify the entities   other missing information	Gentlemen,. Pursuant to my phone messages, I have attached for your review the draft cavern monitoring services agreement.. David, please advise as to our exposure and any suggestions/additions you might have that would be helpful to our position if Texaco damages our storage cavern in the performance of the services.	David, please advise as to our exposure and any suggestions/additions you might have that would be helpful to our position if Texaco damages our storage cavern in the performance of the services.	Gerald, could you please verify the entities other missing information highlighted in the document.
If at all possible will you please have the first draft of this document	As you prepare the list of errors that were discovered as we went from an 14 million dollar loss to a 4 million gain for 1Q2000 please solicit input from Dana, David , Susan and Steve Myers - and , of course, Arthur Andersen and Solarc.. We would like the list to include: The Error amount Type/nature of the error Individual Accountable The Proposed Remedy. As Stan explained, this exercise is not to play the blame game , but to ensure that we learn from our mistakes and do not repeat them.	As Stan explained, this exercise is not to play the blame game , but to ensure that we learn from our mistakes and do not repeat them.	If at all possible will you please have the first draft of this document completed this Friday, May 19th.
Call me a NX1 68 offer for the term and volumes listed.	Tom -	Tom -	Call me a NX1 68 offer for the term and volumes listed.
Please remove any items you have in the refrigerator immediately.			Please remove any items you have in the refrigerator immediately.
Could you do this again for me please.	Francis,	Francis,	Could you do this again for me please.
Mike:  Please call me ASAP on this issue on my cell phone 415.505.6633.			Mike: Please call me ASAP on this issue on my cell phone PHONE .
Please follow up with this.			Please follow up with this.
Please destroy your current card and replace it with the new wallet	Beginning May 1, 2000, International SOS will be the exclusive provider of travel and medical emergency assistance for EnronAssistance.. As an international business traveler, you are automatically covered by this comprehensive program which provides services related to unexpected travel and medical emergencies.. Highlights of the services provided by International SOS include:. 24-hour Access Worldwide Referrals to Primary Care Physicians Hospitals Referrals to Medical Specialists Dental Referrals Prescription Transfer or Emergency Shipment of Medication or Blood Supply where legally allowed Emergency Medical Transportation Medical Monitoring Guarantee of Medical Expenses Return of Mortal Remains Emergency Cash Assistance Legal Assistance General Travel Assistance Information Services Vaccination Recommendations EAP Referrals Emergency Telephone Assistance Claims Handling Assistance. You will receive a new wallet card through company mail within the next few days.	You will receive a new wallet card through company mail within the next few days.	Please destroy your current card and replace it with the new wallet card upon receipt.
Louise, will you please review at least your portion?	Hi Ken Louise and Jeff,. Attached are the links to the multimedia cases Harvard prepared in association with the cases recently written, excerpted from the videos they took of the 3 of you a few months ago.. I m remotely accessing this while travelling and have been unable to open the videos.. This is likely a function of the remote connection.. Ken and Jeff, I ll review each of yours when I m better able to access.. I ll then provide you my comments if any , as you will need to sign off on the release and use of these by Harvard.	I ll then provide you my comments if any , as you will need to sign off on the release and use of these by Harvard.	Louise, will you please review at least your portion?
Please review and act upon this request.			Please review and act upon this request.
months of graduating and haven t already sent me an email, please reply	FOR MAY GRADUATES:?. PLEASE MAKE SURE AND REGISTER WITH THE HAAS ALUMNI WEB SITES ON-LINE-COMMUNITY DIRECTOR http://www.alumniconnections.com/olc/pub/HAA/. IMPORTANT CAREER INFO.. FOR 5/01 GRADS: YOU CAN USE ALL OF THE CAREER CENTERS RESOURCES FOR FREE ANYTIME, SOME OF THE RESOURCES ARE:?. BEARTRACKS, EXECUTIVE RECRUITER DIRECTORY, THE VARIOUS BOOKS; ON RESUMES, COVER LETTERS, SALARY NEGOTIATIONS, CASE INTERVIEWING, SALARY NEGOTIATIONS, INTERVIEWING, NETWORKING ETC.... YOU ARE ELIGIBLE TO RECEIVE CAREER ADVISING FOR FREE DURING YOUR 1ST SIX MONTHS OUT OF THE PROGRAM till December 01 .?. AFTER THE FIRST SIX MONTHS THERE IS A 150 FEE FOR UP TO 3 SESSIONS WITH THE HAAS ALUMNI CAREER ADVISOR That s me. FOR CONTINUING STUDENTS. PLEASE READ ON IF YOU ARE INTERESTED IN CAREER RELATED SERVICES DURING THE SUMMER. CAREER CHANGERS SEMINAR: May 01 grads.. are welcome to attend a seminar for individuals considering transitioning into a different line of work.?. We will focus on how to leverage transferrable ability, skills and knowledge into a different career path.?. This seminar will be on a Saturday in June, tentatively either 6/9 or 6/16 from 10 to 3.?. If you are interested in attending please send me an email, letting me know your preference as far as a date.?. We will hold the seminar on the date with that has greatest preference.. On-Campus-Recruiting Boot Camp final date 7/28 :?	On-Campus-Recruiting Boot Camp final date 7/28 :?	If you are within 12 months of graduating and haven t already sent me an email, please reply letting me know you are eligible and interested in participating in registering for the fall 01 - spring 02 OCR program.?
Please direct all comments to the CMR Recommendation to the Board to Byron	Market Participants:	Market Participants:	Please direct all comments to the CMR Recommendation to the Board to Byron Woertz at bwoertz caiso.com
Once Susan signs-off from the tax perspective, please inform me as to what	Brent-. Thanks for your correspondence.. I have responded to your questions/comments below in red and attach a clean draft of the GTCs, which does not contain any further changes from the draft you have provided.. Please inform me, with regard to paragraph 6 a ix 1 , as to what, if anything, should be inserted for the event of default threshold amount.. I have also copied Susan Musch on this e-mail, so that she can determine if all is well from the tax perspective.	I have also copied Susan Musch on this e-mail, so that she can determine if all is well from the tax perspective.	Once Susan signs-off from the tax perspective, please inform me as to what needs to be done to load the GTCs, noting that the existing EOL GTCs for Japanese weather, are utilizing Enron Australia Finance Pty.
The funds will be donated to the following organizations, please pay by cash or check payable to an organization listed below or a relief organization of your choice.	Deadline extended through Tuesday, Sept. 25 for disaster relief donations.. So far we have PHONE w/Enron match!. .. Thanks for your support!. In an effort to support our fellow citizens during this time of disaster we will be collecting donations for relief efforts in NY, DC and PA. A designated collection box has been placed by the lobby area.. All donations will be double matched by Enron.. If we all donated what we have would spent on the complimentary lunch today or what we would spend on coffee tomorrow, matched double by Enron, it would really add up.. The money will be sent on Monday, September 24.	The money will be sent on Monday, September 24.	The funds will be donated to the following organizations, please pay by cash or check payable to an organization listed below or a relief organization of your choice.
Take a look at the e-mail below	Joe Hartsoe -. My understanding is that Hebert doesn t have the legal authority and the filing never makes clear to Suspend performance under the PPA he probably doesn t have the political support for this either .. EPSA, however, could support this in its filing as a method to help move the QF issue forward.. Jim. FYI.. Any thoughts Joe Co.?. Is release from contracts an increase supply option?. My fear is that QFs get released and then California s police state mentality kicks in, enacting Exec Orders, legislation, etc.. to ensure that the power from the QF facilities stays in California.. Best, Jeff. We are trying to set up energy purchasing arrangements with QFs who get temporarily released from their contracts.	We are trying to set up energy purchasing arrangements with QFs who get temporarily released from their contracts.	Take a look at the e-mail below and see if we can suport them.
Please update your personal GIS file by FRIDAY, MARCH 31.	Enron recently introduced its Global Information System GIS as the first of a series of activities designed to enhance and improve the accuracy and accessibility of employee data.. 4,578 employees responded and provided up-to-date information on themselves.. This represents a response of approximately 55 of the employees asked to participate.. Accurate data will play an important role in several key company-wide initiatives in the coming months, such as the SAP implementation and an expert directory, which will include a new on-line phone directory and employee skills.. The GIS provides you a vehicle to use in updating your personal information including your phone extension, office location, home address, current job responsibilities, as well as, existing skills and educational background.. You are the best source of accurate information about you!. Since you have not yet updated your information, I urge you to do so today.. The GIS system will be available for your use through Friday, March 31.. You can access GIS from the Enron Intranet in one of two ways: 1. from the Enron Home page home.enron.com 2. from the HRWeb Home page hrweb.enron.com Look for the link to GIS in the New section of either page.. As a first time user, please click on the New User button to enter your ID and set your password.. Your individual login ID is either your SSN Social Security Number or your SIN Social Insurance Number - Canada .. To prevent someone from accessing or altering your GIS file without authorization, please keep your ID and password private.. You can contact the HRIS Helpdesk at PHONE , option 1 for application assistance.	You can contact the HRIS Helpdesk at PHONE , option 1 for application assistance.	Please update your personal GIS file by FRIDAY, MARCH 31.
Upon approval and execution, please call me at x33399 to pick up the	Attached for your approval is the form of Enron Corp. Guaranty in favor of the referenced Counterparty, which guarantees the obligations of ENA under a financial confirmation.. We will need the standard executed copy.. The confirmation requires that we deliver the Guaranty within 5 days.	The confirmation requires that we deliver the Guaranty within 5 days.	Upon approval and execution, please call me at x33399 to pick up the documents.
Please take a look at the attached Spot GTC and let me know if we can	Keith,. Attached is GTC Spot confirm form and Spot GTC	Attached is GTC Spot confirm form and Spot GTC	Please take a look at the attached Spot GTC and let me know if we can transact under this contract.
Please create today the September  GDD/IF swap and the september Gas Daily			Please create today the September GDD/IF swap and the september Gas Daily Henry Hub swap.
Please bring your adapter.	Eric and I can type up a couple of possible itineraries this weekend, based upon some initial research.. It ll include potential routes and possible sights to see along the way.. I think we can basically decide as we go.. We are also having dinner with someone Eric works with this Friday who has been to Spain recently with his family.. They went down to the Andulusian White Hill towns near Seville.. As you know, Eric and I were only in and around Madrid, so we ll pick this guy s brain.. I agree about packing light.. It sounds like we ll need a few sweaters though.. I think it ll be between 50-60 during the day.. I don t know if they have heat in Spain yet, so we may get cold at night.. I m pretty confident we could find a laundry mat if necessary.. I don t want you to stink either, especially if you blow your butt out like in Minneapolis!. Nasty!!!	Nasty!!!	Please bring your adapter.
Kay, please forward to Max Yzaguirre.			Kay, please forward to Max Yzaguirre.
Can you add Ricardo.Perez enron.com to this distribution list?	Brad,	Brad,	Can you add Ricardo.Perez enron.com to this distribution list?
For time s sake since I couldn t talk to you earlier, please meet w/Shari and	Christian,	Christian,	For time s sake since I couldn t talk to you earlier, please meet w/Shari and /or Elizabeth regarding the priority issues in the spreadsheet below.
If at all possible will you please have the first draft of this document	Mike, If this making of a list interferes in anyway with the all out effort that we have going on to fix our problem before Monday, I would ask that the list be delayed until after that effort is satisfactory.. I am receiving tough calls and I am keeping the wolves at bay, but I can not tell you how bad it will be if we are forced into giving out a bunch of plastic responses on Monday.. I have also been contacted by Andy at Moody s and so far I have him calm....but as we all know he is an explosion waiting to happen.. I am deeply concerned over this matter.. I agree completely that we need to scrub these issues down because there are gaps that we need to be sure are filled properly.. As you prepare the list of errors that were discovered as we went from an 14 million dollar loss to a 4 million gain for 1Q2000 please solicit input from Dana, David , Susan and Steve Myers - and , of course, Arthur Andersen and Solarc.. We would like the list to include: The Error amount Type/nature of the error Individual Accountable The Proposed Remedy. As Stan explained, this exercise is not to play the blame game , but to ensure that we learn from our mistakes and do not repeat them.	As Stan explained, this exercise is not to play the blame game , but to ensure that we learn from our mistakes and do not repeat them.	If at all possible will you please have the first draft of this document completed this Friday, May 19th.
Also, please attend the dinner on Friday evening along with your wife if	Dave,. Thanks for the invitation.. I shall be glad to join you at the dinner and on Saturday.. I shall come alone: my wife will stay with my son in California till June my son graduates this spring from college .. I shall remind Andy Fastow about NFCF.. Vince. Vince, It was good seeing you again today.. I want to make sure the NFCF is on your calendar for May 4-5.. You should be receiving some registration materials shortly.. Please plan on coming if you can.	Please plan on coming if you can.	Also, please attend the dinner on Friday evening along with your wife if possible.
respective weekly/monthly reports  O M, Capex, P L , could you please forward	Jenny, Teresa, Amy:. I am leaving Enron at the end of next week.	I am leaving Enron at the end of next week.	When you distribute your respective weekly/monthly reports O M, Capex, P L , could you please forward them to Jinsung Myung and Ben Rogers, so that they can generate the weekly report that I have been generating while I am gone.
Please go through this and run the sensitivities and get a good idea of way	Vince/Vasant,. It has been some time since we spoke at the San Antonio conference.. Unfortunately,as soon as I got to India I was diagnosed wih a slip disc and had to be in bed for a long time.. In the mean time the team continued to work on the concept of a sale to another state out of the Dabhol plant.. I have developed the concept whereby we are now looking at a firm component over peak period , and an infirm power sale during the monsoon.. The series of quesions and comments from my team in te attachment below should help you a bit to get a feel for the proposal.. I am currently in Houston and reachable at PHONE .. I maybe needing a surgery for the slip disc but am currently on medication hoping that surgery won t be needed.. I would like to wis you all a very happy X Mas and a Great New Year, and will catch you in the NEw YEar in Houston to discuss this wit you further.. I can see that soem structuring help will be needed on this, and would like to get some help from your end.. Regards, Sandeep.. Team,. Please find my comments in the word document attached.	Please find my comments in the word document attached.	Please go through this and run the sensitivities and get a good idea of way to structure thsi.
Give me a call.	Per my earlier email and the one below, could you please let us know about the 2000 Defintions?. Thanks.. Sara. I got a copy of 2000 Definitions Annex via distribution today.. However, I did not know of nor do I have the 2000 Definitions, which apparently restated/conformed the 1991/1998 basic ISDA definitions.. Our Master still refs 1991, as amended etc., so it probably does pick up the 2000 issuance by ISDA.. Do you have the 2000?. Do we need to order?. Should we consider revising the master agreement in respect of the definition incorporation language?	Should we consider revising the master agreement in respect of the definition incorporation language?	Give me a call.
Please take me off you distribution.			Please take me off you distribution.
Pls digest these points as you proceed and keep me posted on where Cascade is even with the paper we showed to them.	Mark, Dave, I talked to Lavorato regarding a non-compete... he was fine with proceeding to negotiate a commercial deal but did not want us to commit to a non compete just yet for these reasons.. 1.. He wants to not restrict EES in their abilities to market in that region I will discuss with Delainey .. 2.. Unless we have an exclusive he thinks we are boxing ourselves.	Unless we have an exclusive he thinks we are boxing ourselves.	Pls digest these points as you proceed and keep me posted on where Cascade is even with the paper we showed to them.
Give me a call when you get a chance.	Kevin,	Kevin,	Give me a call when you get a chance.
Please call Richard Sage to	Samantha and Stephanie, In addition to the points mentioned by Sara in her voicemail today, please read or re-read the attached list of administrative tasks to complete and implement where appropriate.. Thanx.. Cheryl Nelson Senior Counsel EB3880D PHONE . Stephanie, in the event that we do not meet today, I am sending this email.. I figured out what we need to do to to get started on the Enron Credit Accounts:. 1.. One thing we will have to do is open up PRIME brokerage accounts for Enron Credit Inc. with each of the 3 different brokers.. So we have to preapre an authorized traders list for Enron Credit Inc.	So we have to preapre an authorized traders list for Enron Credit Inc.	Please call Richard Sage to find out if there are particular names we should use for the various officers or whether they are simply the same as for ENA.
Can you give me some background on Bogdan?	Vince:	Vince:	Can you give me some background on Bogdan?
Please tell him to clarify which cp with the broker as the	What s the statuS?. Tom s in a meeting, but in his trade log he has APS crossed out and over it he s written Pinnacle.. So I m going to wait to find out what happened.. I ll let you know.. Kate. Tom Alonso deal 555159 Bloomberg shows cp as Arizona Public Service....we have Pinnacle West.. From my understanding from Rhonda trades can still be done under APS or Pinncale West.	From my understanding from Rhonda trades can still be done under APS or Pinncale West.	Please tell him to clarify which cp with the broker as the trade is being done.
Please include Scott Goodell on all responses.	Wade, please forward this to the person that pays Statoil.. AND I just faxed you a copy of the invoice Kara faxed me.. I believe Heidi Boyd told me that ENA was not making payments to Statoil so CES made the payments.. Let me know what you find out.	Let me know what you find out.	Please include Scott Goodell on all responses.
Please respond whether we have your most updated information or if we are missing any information please update me accordingly.	Hi, I m Shawna with Icon.. I am updating our database and I wanted to make sure that I am not missing any contact information from you whether it be personal or work related.. Below is the information that we have in our file.	Below is the information that we have in our file.	Please respond whether we have your most updated information or if we are missing any information please update me accordingly.
Don please follow up to see if this product has any value to us.			Don please follow up to see if this product has any value to us.
Please examine the Brent section and make sure that it is	Sally, Below is a draft of the official organization announcement that will address Brent and his team.. I was unable to get this out earlier and am ready upon your review.	I was unable to get this out earlier and am ready upon your review.	Please examine the Brent section and make sure that it is correct and stated properly.
Would you ask the authorities in Enron to refresh my access to Enrononline?	Dear Vince,. I hope your trip to Australia was successful.. It s one of my favorite places to go.. I ve copied you on the email to Mike initiating Enron s trial service to Energycast.. Thanks for helping to set this up.	Thanks for helping to set this up.	Would you ask the authorities in Enron to refresh my access to Enrononline?
Please forward this to anyone who might benefit from a better	Only 4 weeks left before PGS Energy Training s downtown Philadelphia seminars.. March 5 thru 8. For information on upcoming PGS seminars in Philadelphia and in downtown Houston February and April , call PHONE or visit http://www.pgsenergy.com/schedule.html. Available seminars include: 1 Fundamentals of Energy Futures, Options Derivatives 2 Fundamentals of the Electric Power Industry 3 Gas-to-Electricity Arbitrage How to Maximize the Profitability of Electric Generation Assets 4 Developing Effective Risk Management Policies Procedures John Wengler 5 Fundamentals of Statistical Analysis Dr. Ken Skinner 6 How to Value Electric Generation Assets as Real Options 7 Fundamentals of Value-at-Risk Soli Forouzan Save money by bringing a group of 4 or more.. With a group rate, your cost for a 1,295 seminar is reduced to 895 per attendee-- a savings of 1,600 from regular prices.. The group price for the 695 programs is 495.	The group price for the 695 programs is 495.	Please forward this to anyone who might benefit from a better understanding of energy derivatives, risk management, gas-to-electricity arbitrage, statistics or electric power trading.
Please prepare draft ISDA s for Oakleaf Waste Management, L.L.C. and Bison			-Folder: Tanya Jones Dec2000 Notes Folders Notes inbox X-Origin: JONES-T X-FileName: tjones.nsf
Can you please forward me the cost centre to	Angela,. CO 0413 Cost Center 105657. Taffy,. Can you help Angela with this.. Thanks.. Hi Tana, when I spoke to you last week regarding the FedEx bill charged to one of our customer Lake Side Packers you gave the company number which is great then you gave me a billing code.. Accounting has come back to me indicating that they need a cost centre.. The billing code number apparently does not mean anything to them.	The billing code number apparently does not mean anything to them.	Can you please forward me the cost centre to which this FedEx bill should be charged to.
Twanda, please get this on my calendar.			Twanda, please get this on my calendar.
TWanda, please calendar and then make a file entitled  Employees in Right			TWanda, please calendar and then make a file entitled Employees in Right Company and give to me on the date of the meeting.
Please call me at ext. 35777 with any questions.			Carol St. Clair EB 38 PHONE Phone PHONE Fax carol.st.clair enron.com
Please review and if acceptable you can forward to Devon for review.	Nelson, Attached is the Confirm and GTC for the deal with Devon.	Nelson, Attached is the Confirm and GTC for the deal with Devon.	Please review and if acceptable you can forward to Devon for review.
Please schedule your flight to arrive to the San	Cal Berkeley General Presentation Monday, October 16th. This note is to confirm that you are scheduled to attend the Cal Berkeley General Presentation on Monday October 16th.. This e-mail should contain any information that you need to know pertaining to your trip.. Please print out a hard copy and bring with you in case of emergency.. If you have any questions, there is a list of contacts listed below.. Once again, thank you for offering to help with technology recruiting at Cal Berkeley.. See you on campus!. Lara. The General Presentation will be held:. Monday, October 16th The Faculty Club Seaborg Room - 2nd Floor 7:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m.. Please plan on arriving at the General Presentation by 6:00 p.m.. The General Presentation is designed to educate the students on Enron and the Global Technology Track.. Following the presentation we will invite the students to ask questions about Enron and the Global Technology Track.. Please plan to arrive at the General Presentation by 6:00 p.m.. It is business casual attire.. FLIGHT ARRANGEMENTS:. You are responsible for scheduling your own flight arrangements with your preferred airline provider.	You are responsible for scheduling your own flight arrangements with your preferred airline provider.	Please schedule your flight to arrive to the San Francisco airport on Monday, October 16th.
Please review and let me know	Attached is a draft of the LOI we discussed.	Attached is a draft of the LOI we discussed.	Please review and let me know if you have any questions.
Please call me so we can staighten out	Darron, I believe you were ask about this last month.. it is still causing a pricing difference this month too.	it is still causing a pricing difference this month too.	Please call me so we can staighten out the deal or you can call Laura Scott in Canada and argue your point.
Please respond to Darrell Duffie  duffie Stanford.EDU	Darrell,. Thanks a lot.. A quick question: we haven t received your invoice for the last few model / paper reviews.. Please, make sure that we are billed.. Clewlow/Strickland book is out.. I shall send you a copy today.. Vince	Vince	Darrell Duffie duffie Stanford.EDU on 01/24/2001 03:17:01 PM Please respond to Darrell Duffie duffie Stanford.EDU To: Vince.J.Kaminski enron.com cc: hoshino Stanford.EDU Subject: Re:
When you have a chance, please take a look at the attached.	Mark -. Attached for your review and comment is a proposed initial welcome statement for the web site.. This statement can either appear on the home page or within the What s New area.. I anticipate keeping some welcome message on the site at all time, but updating it as necessary to reflect the current status of the site and the information in the site.. The logo at the top is what PR and the IT design team have developed and indicated meets current Enron site branding requirements.. The slogan - Providing Innovative Legal Solutions - was agreed to by the Team as a means of further marketing ourselves through the site.. It is anticipated the slogan will be on every page as a continuous message of our commitment to the business groups.. We have spoken to Peter Mims at V E about the use of the logo and requested he inquire whether or not there is a comparable external use that we need to be aware of.. If not, we have asked if it is possible to reserve the name and possibly trademark it for our use.	If not, we have asked if it is possible to reserve the name and possibly trademark it for our use.	When you have a chance, please take a look at the attached.
Can you please review these slight revisions and pass this back to me.			Can you please review these slight revisions and pass this back to me.
Please call Tera  ext.3-5167  with questions, thanks.	FYI - the details on the meeting.. Ed. Forwarded by Ed McMichael/HOU/ECT on 01/25/2001 11:37 AM. Please mark your calendar for the following meeting:. Time: 2:30 pm. Location: EB 3143b. of the VNG deal	of the VNG deal	Please call Tera ext.3-5167 with questions, thanks.
Please review the foregoing to see if it is your understanding of the deal.			Gary, Please review the foregoing to see if it is your understanding of the deal.
unsubscribe A.Word.A.Day, send a message to wsmith wordsmith.org with	Russell s paradox RUS-uhls PAR-uh-doks noun. A paradox of set theory in which an object is defined in terms of a class of objects that contains the object being defined, resulting in a logical contradiction.. Named after Bertrand Russell PHONE .. Post No Bills.. Professor Howard Shane of Baruch College CUNY wonders if there is a Russell s Paradox in the accompanying picture.. Allan J. Rossman Beth L. Chance, Teaching the reasoning of statistical inference, The College Mathematics Journal, Sep 1, 1999.. This week s theme: syndromes, paradoxes, laws, and principles.. .............................................................................. If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant: if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome.. -Anne Bradstreet. Send your comments about words to anu wordsmith.org.	Send your comments about words to anu wordsmith.org.	To subscribe or unsubscribe A.Word.A.Day, send a message to wsmith wordsmith.org with Subject: line as subscribe Your Name or unsubscribe .
give me a call.	I dont know if you guys are doing this, but a requirement to your air permit states that the facility is to report the number of hours of operation each year to the Air Quality Bureau for the Catepillar generator.. The report is to be submitted by January 31st of each year.	The report is to be submitted by January 31st of each year.	If we need to discuss this, give me a call.
Please forward your copy of GTAnet to	WELCOME TO GTAnet 2 GTAnet is a free newsletter published 3-4 times a year for clients and friends of Greenwich Treasury Advisors.. This second issue focuses on option hedging strategies under FAS 133, including the impact of DIG issue G20.. It begins with a brief, but comprehensive, summary of FAS 133 option accounting and the advantages of G20 vs. the previously required exclusion of option time value.. It concludes with an analysis of various option hedging strategies under G20, supported by benchmarking data from GTA s FX studies with 50 American MNC s with average sales of 22 billion.. Download the issue at www.greenwichtreasury.com.. It is in .pdf file format, which is read with Adobe s Acro- bat Reader, a free download at http://www.adobe.com/products/acrobat/readermain.html. PREVIEW OF ISSUE 3 GTAnet 3 will discuss two little-known, but powerful treasury techniques: non-recourse receivable factoring by an in-house bank and virtual Pan-European cash consolidation using your existing interco netting system.. SUBSCRIPTION INFORMATION GTAnet is free.	SUBSCRIPTION INFORMATION GTAnet is free.	Please forward your copy of GTAnet to anyone you think might find the issue useful.
Please print all three	Attached please find the interview packet for the above-referenced person.. The interview will happen Thursday July 13, 2000.	The interview will happen Thursday July 13, 2000.	Please print all three documents for your hard copies.
Please send a credit	Stewart:. Per your voice mail, I have not yet received any credit from Tracy and, consequently, have not sent a master to the WAPA lawyer.. Do you want me to send a sample governmental master agreement which would not be tailored specificlally for WAPA?. Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas 770 PHONE phone PHONE fax sara.shackleton enron.com. Tracy:. I just spoke wtih Stewart about this counterparty and the fact that you previously prepared credit for physical trading .	I just spoke wtih Stewart about this counterparty and the fact that you previously prepared credit for physical trading .	Please send a credit worksheet for financial trading and we can deliver a draft ISDA to the lawyer per Stewart s instructions.
Please take a look to see if any changes are needed.	Hi Vince,	Hi Vince,	Please take a look to see if any changes are needed.
Please take a look at the materials that Alan Comnes sent out earlier today	calendar and WGA meeting file. Everyone. conference call on Monday Jan 29 at 2:15pm central time to discuss strategy for Steve Kean s participation in the Feb 2 meeting in Portland.	conference call on Monday Jan 29 at 2:15pm central time to discuss strategy for Steve Kean s participation in the Feb 2 meeting in Portland.	Please take a look at the materials that Alan Comnes sent out earlier today so that we can discuss which charts/information should be included in Kean s materials packet.
Dee, could you please forward to Steve Van Hooser our usual checklist on			Dee, could you please forward to Steve Van Hooser our usual checklist on employee matters for diligence purposes?
And lastly, can you put me on cc: list for Wellesley info.	Debbie,. FYI, Sally Beck will be flying up afternoon of Sept. 28.. Please make her reservation for 28th only.. Also, do you have the address of Stone Davis Hall where dinner presentation will be held?. I need that for her itinerary.	I need that for her itinerary.	And lastly, can you put me on cc: list for Wellesley info.
Please check the last couple of pages and see if I m close.			Please check the last couple of pages and see if I m close.
Jere, please forward the list of targets.			Jere, please forward the list of targets.
Please notify us	This e-mail is confidential and may well also be legally privileged.. If you have received it in error, you are on notice of its status.	If you have received it in error, you are on notice of its status.	Please notify us immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message from your system.
While you re waiting for the economy to rebound, take a look at some of the	SIVY ON STOCKS from CNNmoney.com November 23, 2001. A D V E R T I S E M E N T QUICK!. If you won 25,000 CASH what would be on your Best Of list?. Keep thinking because here s a chance to try to win the 25,000 Grand Prize.. BONUS: See what else has been selected Best Of at money.com and try an issue of MONEY Magazine FREE!. Click Here: http://www.money.com/bestof Deep value	Click Here: http://www.money.com/bestof Deep value	While you re waiting for the economy to rebound, take a look at some of the incredibly cheap bargains that are still available.
Kaye:  Will you please print these docs for me?			Kaye: Will you please print these docs for me?
Kathleen, please verify the way these guys like to sign their names, and	David Duran can sign the certificate.. Can he certify his own name?. If so, we want him to also be a signatory.. Authorized signers should be Dave Duran managing director , Michael J Miller vice president and Kevin Presto vice president .	Authorized signers should be Dave Duran managing director , Michael J Miller vice president and Kevin Presto vice president .	Kathleen, please verify the way these guys like to sign their names, and current titles.
Call and confirm the request with both PAC and Sierra.	Hey Guys.. We have a new strategy taking power from the south to the north.. Right now Sierra Pacific will only let us schedule 12MW on the tie so do not try to schedule any more The tie is only good for 17MW .. - Either do a export from SP15 to Silverpeak or put in a wheel going out at Silverpeak From PV or FC .. - Buy transmission from SPP from www.swoasis.com CONTROL TO HILLTOP.. 6.90 on-peak, 3.90 off-peak - Buy transmission from PAC from MAL2 TO MAL5.. 5.84 - Buy transmission from BPA from HILLTOP TO SNOHO or another Sink.. Account numbers below .. We need to bounce this of SNOHO before we send it back in at Malin.. THIS SCHEDULE NEEDS TO BE TAGGED OR SIERRA PACIFIC GETS VERY PISSED OFF, THEY ARE NOT USED TO DOING TO MUCH REAL TIME.. THERE IS A TEMPLATE FOR THIS SCHEDULE SO IT SHOULD NOT BE HARD.	THERE IS A TEMPLATE FOR THIS SCHEDULE SO IT SHOULD NOT BE HARD.	Call and confirm the request with both PAC and Sierra.
Please call the upstream  DETM OR CORAL  to confirm that the schedule is being filled each hour.	CORAL Generation SP15 - CISO T SP15/MED2 CRLP CRC - CORAL - MORGAN - DETM - EPMI - PGET - CRC Load MEAD. This schedule is to be filled on a real time basis.	This schedule is to be filled on a real time basis.	Please call the upstream DETM OR CORAL to confirm that the schedule is being filled each hour.
Please respond no later than Monday October 29.	Gary,. For some reason, I did not receive your email, but have now reviewed the fo otnote via Robert s email reply to you.. 20. The Rio Piedras Explosion Litigation summary is accurate and requires no mo dification at this time.. Chuck. Original Message. Gary:. The Trojan Investment Recovery summary is accurate, and I also have confirm ed same with Doug Nichols PGE General Counsel .. No changes required.. Regards, Robert. Original Message. Find below the Litigation and Other Contingencies footnote from the the Jun e 30, 2001 Form 10-Q.. Please update the section of the disclosure for whic h you are responsible for inclusion in the third quarter 2001 Form 10Q .. A lso, please let me know if there are any new items that should be considere d.	A lso, please let me know if there are any new items that should be considere d.	Please respond no later than Monday October 29.
Please follow up on this.	Rebecca:	Rebecca:	Please follow up on this.
PLEASE REVIEW THE NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER BELOW	3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D As requested, your News Alert for YHOO follows from EquityAlert.com.. To edit/discontinue your alerts please refer to end of message.	To edit/discontinue your alerts please refer to end of message.	PLEASE REVIEW THE NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER BELOW 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D
Please respond to khairuddin mjaafar petronas.com.my			KhairuddinBMJaafar petronas.com.my on 01/22/2001 09:34:16 PM Please respond to khairuddin mjaafar petronas.com.my To: vkamins ect.enron.com cc: azminab petronas.com.my Subject: Benchmarking questionnaires
Please use 69707, 69708   66940 as Feb	3,942 at BrCobb K 34826 2,821 from ENA Pool 3,035 at A06 K 53858 3,026 at c-16 Tetco Delmont K TBDetermined	3,942 at BrCobb K 34826 2,821 from ENA Pool 3,035 at A06 K 53858 3,026 at c-16 Tetco Delmont K TBDetermined	Please use 69707, PHONE 0 as Feb
Please provide feedback on the employee s  listed below by accessing the	NOTE: YOU WILL RECEIVE THIS MESSAGE EACH TIME YOU ARE SELECTED AS A REVIEWER.. You have been selected to participate in the Mid-Year 2000 Performance Management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee s that have been identified for you.. Your feedback plays an important role in the performance management process, and your participation is very critical to the success of Enron s Performance Management goals.	Your feedback plays an important role in the performance management process, and your participation is very critical to the success of Enron s Performance Management goals.	Please provide feedback on the employee s listed below by accessing the Performance Management System PEP and completing an online feedback form as described in the Performance Management Quick Reference Guide .
Please ensure you and	Please read the attached correspondence from Brent regarding the controls and standards we have been discussing.. Daren, I realize you will not be able to attend the morning meeting due to trading.. However, Pat, I would like for you to attend to represent the Gas Logistics role.	However, Pat, I would like for you to attend to represent the Gas Logistics role.	Please ensure you and Daren have met prior to the meeting, and you are prepared to represent this functional area.
Please print the messages below.			Please print the messages below.
look at this and give me a call.	Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 12/06/2000 06:40 PM. Hi.. You probably thought that I feel off the end of the world.	You probably thought that I feel off the end of the world.	Please take a look at this and give me a call.
Please include Rey in your quest for closure.	Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 06/02/2000 02:09 PM. Jeff and Reynaldo Garcia spoke on this subject at length, and Rey convinced Jeff that spitting was necessary.. AT that time the Enron Contracting entity was not specified to be Energia.... If you want to unsplit the documents it will add additional time in excess geting a consolidation agreement completed I think.	If you want to unsplit the documents it will add additional time in excess geting a consolidation agreement completed I think.	Please include Rey in your quest for closure.
Please supply Portland at their system in the most cost effective manner possible.	We are short at PGE system for Wednesday, 10/03/01.. HE7-22pdt, we are 25mw short total of 400mw .. This is due to a lending deal done by the NW Cash desk.	This is due to a lending deal done by the NW Cash desk.	Please supply Portland at their system in the most cost effective manner possible.
the NDA meets with your approval, please return a copy to me via fax no.	At the request of Jake Staffel, I am enclosing our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.. If you have any comments or questions you would like to discuss with me, do not hesitate to call me at PHONE .	If you have any comments or questions you would like to discuss with me, do not hesitate to call me at PHONE .	If the NDA meets with your approval, please return a copy to me via fax no.
Please forward the same to Bob Kahn for his	Chris,. Attached is a draft of a conveyance document which is intended to transfer ownership of the turbines and other equipment to the City of Austin and Enron Sandhill Limited Partnership.	Attached is a draft of a conveyance document which is intended to transfer ownership of the turbines and other equipment to the City of Austin and Enron Sandhill Limited Partnership.	Please forward the same to Bob Kahn for his review and consideration.
Please access the following MS Word file and update the list for any			Please access the following MS Word file and update the list for any individuals whom you want to receive a Xmas card from TW.
Please work with your local sites to assign team members to each role/progr	July is GEPS Safety Month!. Please read the following message from Rich Lubert, GEPS EHS General Manage r:. Ladies Gentlemen. July is EHS/Security month throughout our business.. This is a great 20 opportunity for each site to complete a number of business critical employe e 20 training and awareness initiatives.. Your efforts to date have ensured that 20 our business continues to improve dramatically in EHS, security and medical 20 areas.. The EHS month, with a variety of focus programs, will enable the 20 business to make a quantum leap forward.. We have developed a set of progra m 20 expectations for each site to roll out over the month.. Most of these are n ot 20 complicated, often requiring only a few minutes of employee time to update 20 records or complete training.. Other programs will drive increased employee 20 awareness and commitment, assisting in improvements beyond the month long 20 effort.. This will take everyone 01,s commitment and attention to be 20 successful.. We will be sending out details on each item in next few days.	We will be sending out details on each item in next few days.	20 Please work with your local sites to assign team members to each role/progr am 20 to ease the implementation 20
Please respond to kaplan			Katie Kaplan kaplan iepa.com 11/02/2000 02:18 PM Please respond to kaplan To: Dave Parquet dparque ect.enron.com , Eileen Koch eileenk calpine.com , Frank DeRosa frank.derosa gen.pge.com , Jim Willey elliottsa earthlink.net , Kent Fickett kfickett usgen.com , Randy Hickok rjhickok duke-energy.com , Rob Lamkin rllamkin seiworldwide.com , Scott Noll snoll thermoecotek.com , Eric Eisenman eric.eisenman neg.pge.com , Bill Carlson wcarlson wm.com , Bill Woods billw calpine.com , Cody Carter cody.carter williams.com , Curt Hatton curt.hatton gen.pge.com , Dean Gosselin dean gosselin fpl.com , Doug Levitt SDL calwind.com , Frank Misseldine fmisseldine caithnessenergy.com , Hap Boyd rboyd enron.com , Jeff Dasovich jdasovic enron.com , Joe Greco joe.greco uaecorp.com , Ken Hoffman khoffman caithnessenergy.com , Marty McFadden marty mcfadden ogden-energy.com , Nam Nguyen nam.nguyen powersrc.com , Paula Soos paula soos ogden-energy.com , Pete Levitt Pete calwind.com , Robert Frees freesrj apci.com , Steve Iliff siliff riobravo-gm.com , Steve Ponder steve ponder fpl.com , Ted Cortopassi TCortopassi ogden-energy.com , Tom Heller hellertj apci.com , Tony Wetzel twetzel thermoecotek.com , Ward Scobee wscobee caithnessenergy.com , Steven Kelly steven iepa.com , Kristin Vellandi kvellandi pstrategies.com , Tom Ross tross mcnallytemple.com , Kassandra Gough kgough calpine.com , B Brown Andy andybrwn earthlink.net , Bill Carlson william carlson wastemanagement.com , Bob Ellery bellery spi-ind.com , Bob Escalante rescalante riobravo-gm.com , C Williams Thomas tcwillia duke-energy.com , Carolyn A Baker cabaker duke-energy.com , Colleen Holm colleen.holm neg.pge.com , Curtis Kebler curtis l kebler reliantenergy.com , Dennis Price priced epenergy.com , DJ Smith djsmith smithandkempton.com , Douglas Kerner dkk eslawfirm.com , Duane Nelsen dnelsen gwfpower.com , Ed Tomeo ed.tomeo uaecorp.com , Frazier Baylock Frayblay aol.com , Greg Blue gtbl dynegy.com , Jack Pigott jackp calpine.com , Jan Smutny-Jones E-mail smutny iepa.com , Joe Ronan joer calpine.com , John Stout John H Stout reliantenergy.com , Jonathan Weisgall jweisgall aol.com , Julee Malinowski-Ball jmball ns.net , Julia Wright jwright smithandkempton.com , Karen Edson kedson ns.net , Lynn Lednicky lale dynegy.com , Mark Smith Mark J Smith fpl.com , Marty Wilson mwilson pstrategies.com , McNally Ray rmcnally mcnallytemple.com , Norton Kelli knorton mcnallytemple.com , Roger Pelote roger.pelote williams.com , Ron Tom Rtom govadv.com , Russo Tony trusso mcnallytemple.com , Stephanie-Newell stephanie-newell reliantenergy.com , Sue Mara smara enron.com , W. Hyde Richard RWHYDE duke-energy.com , abb eslawfirm.com , Bob Weisenmiller rbw mrwassoc.com cc: Subject: FW: Davis Press Release on FERB Report
Please copy Joe s assistant Bernadette Hawkins with	Currently, reliability disputes in the Western Systems Coordinating Council 20 WSCC are resolved by the 20 WSCC Borad of Trustees or its Committee structure.. In order to expedite 20 the resolution of contentious issues and minimize potential anti-trust 20 exposure the WSCC board will tomorrow 20 be considering a formal default ADR process which relies on a neutral 20 decision maker for resolving disputes 20 between members and between members and the Council that are within the 20 scope of WSCC 01,s mission.. 20 This ADR process is also intended to provide a quick, equitable, efficient 20 time and cost and flexible 20 alternative to the use of state and federal agencies and/or the available 20 judicial system.. It also addresses 20 WSCC s concern that it will be facing an unprecedented number of very 20 serious, contentious and potentially 20 divisive issues and disputes which must be resolved in a fair and expeditio us 20 manner.. 20. I am reviewing the attached ADR proposal from a regulatory perspective but I 20 was wondering if you would 20 take a quick look at this from the ADR and antitrust perspective and call J oe 20 Hartsoe or E-mail him if 20 you have any comments.	I am reviewing the attached ADR proposal from a regulatory perspective but I 20 was wondering if you would 20 take a quick look at this from the ADR and antitrust perspective and call J oe 20 Hartsoe or E-mail him if 20 you have any comments.	Please copy Joe s assistant Bernadette Hawkins with 20 any E-mail comments.
In preparation for our transacting with these customers, would you send me as	Hello my Esteemed Doctors,. I am in Rodney Malcolm s Commercial Transaction Group focusing on selling energy outsourcing relationships to industrial consumers.. Based on the list of executed master agreements that was provided to us recently, many of our targeted industrial customers have not signed our master swap agreement.	Based on the list of executed master agreements that was provided to us recently, many of our targeted industrial customers have not signed our master swap agreement.	In preparation for our transacting with these customers, would you send me as soon as possible a copy of our Master Swap Agreement language, a copy of the more intermediate Omnibus Short form Swap agreement, and a copy of the one or two page confirmation agreement.
So please double check with	Hi Mike, as per our discussion I have managed to find a place for Michael in EBS D.C. office.. It is likely that he will work for me on the EBS side but will live in D.C.. I will finalize that later.. Vince had mentioned that it is okay with him as long as it is okay with you.	Vince had mentioned that it is okay with him as long as it is okay with you.	So please double check with Vince on this.
Please take a  moment to look at the attached membership form with the 2001	Shirley,. Please, renew my membership.. Vince. Dear Colleague:. We are pleased to report that we had a very exciting and productive year with dozens of activities around the world.. As we enter our 10th year of operations, the IAFE has additional membership options available to you.	As we enter our 10th year of operations, the IAFE has additional membership options available to you.	Please take a moment to look at the attached membership form with the 2001 rate schedule.
At your convenience, please review the attached.	Mr. Kurzer -. At Dan s request, attached you will find the BETA Agreement and Fee Agreement for the BrokerClient products.. These agreements are the definitive agreements contemplated by the LOI recently signed between Enron and TFS.	These agreements are the definitive agreements contemplated by the LOI recently signed between Enron and TFS.	At your convenience, please review the attached.
To discuss this action, please attend a floor meeting with Stan on Monday, January 7, from 1:30 - 2:30 in the Enron building in the area of 3922.	Houston and Omaha ETS Employees,. As you know, Enron reached a settlement with Dynegy, which allows Dynegy to exercise its option to acquire Northern Natural Gas.	As you know, Enron reached a settlement with Dynegy, which allows Dynegy to exercise its option to acquire Northern Natural Gas.	To discuss this action, please attend a floor meeting with Stan on Monday, January 7, from 1:30 - 2:30 in the Enron building in the area of 3922.
Please have a look at it and let me what additional changes are	Dan,. Attached is my attempt at rewriting the Kaiser Agency Agreement that I sent you last.	Attached is my attempt at rewriting the Kaiser Agency Agreement that I sent you last.	Please have a look at it and let me what additional changes are needed.
Please call Brian Perrone  703-561-6486  or	I have no contacts to buy from.. Mountaineer production is normally sold on term deals.. CES needs 17dts/day of Mountaineer gas for the rest of March.. The request was made by Kim Novesak?. ?. I will be out this afternoon.	I will be out this afternoon.	Please call Brian Perrone PHONE or Scott Goodell at PHONE .
disrupts coverage or takes you or your people out of the market please pass	Ed, this looks great!!!. !. Please ensure that the focus is on coverage, deal flow and building markets.. I want to avoid two groups hunting strategic elephants ie east origination and development so ensure the scope is consistent with mid-market coverage and feeding the desk deals and info.. In the case of building or purchasing assets please let Jacoby s group handle.	In the case of building or purchasing assets please let Jacoby s group handle.	Any deal or lead that significantly disrupts coverage or takes you or your people out of the market please pass or coordinate with origination or development
Please email me what you find out.	Hello, Jeff,. I just called you regarding the tariff to transport gas from California border to Mexico/Baja.. Below is a more detailed request from the LNG project developer.	Below is a more detailed request from the LNG project developer.	Please email me what you find out.
Please make sure that your email address is at the end of the url.	Hello Matt Motley,. In this issue:. Feature: FuelCell Energy - In a Field of Their Own Calpine finally secures US 2 billion credit facility Gamesa to spin-off its aeronautics division within 12 months to focus on its renewable energy business. To download this report Click here http://www.reedwasden.com/members/download.asp?ID 142 email matt.motley enron.com .. If a link does not appear above please copy the url between the and below and paste it into your browser.	If a link does not appear above please copy the url between the and below and paste it into your browser.	http://www.reedwasden.com/members/download.asp?ID 142 email matt.motley enron.com Please make sure that your email address is at the end of the url.
Please send a package of article reprints to the attention of Joan Payne at	Vince,	Vince,	Please send a package of article reprints to the attention of Joan Payne at the following address:
Can you send it again?	This message was garbled.	This message was garbled.	Can you send it again?
Please have the contract signed by	Wayne, I have modified the above contract as we discussed.. The Customer s Agent language is contained in Appendix 1 .	The Customer s Agent language is contained in Appendix 1 .	Please have the contract signed by JER Partners, a J.E.
Also, please let Russell Diamond know when this	Attached please find the revised Spot Confirmation that needs to be sent by fax to each of the counterparties named in the Spot Confirmation.. I have added language requiring them to sign and return by fax a copy of their acceptance to the deal terms.. Please attach the GTC Spot terms to the Spot Confirm when it is sent out.	Please attach the GTC Spot terms to the Spot Confirm when it is sent out.	Also, please let Russell Diamond know when this is sent out and whether we get their faxed signature back.
I think you are pretty busy over the next few days--please respond as your	Just a heads up ... Ken may get a call from Gov Gilmore regarding the Republican Governors Association.. Below are Sue Landwehr s recommendations with which I concur .. Let me know if he calls and let us know if you need any additional information.. I agree w/ your recommendations.. Rick--you may have seen a recent letter from Gov Jim Gilmore and the RGA requesting that we make an additional contribution in the next few weeks to the RGA for their polling/advertising/grassroots efforts on the upcoming November elections.. They list a fundraising goal of 1,660,000 just a bit aggressive!. If we are not able to make an additional contribution, he asks that we renew our 2001 annual membership of 40,000 now instead of in January of 2001.. If we do anything, my recommendation would be to cut a check now for our annual membership the downside of doing that, of course, is that they will hit us a number of times in 2001 for incremental contributions to specific events/causes .. I bring this to your attention for two reasons-one is that if I know Governor Gilmore, he will probably make a call directly to Ken Lay and you and Steve may want to have an answer available if Mr. Lay gets the call.. Secondly, what are your thoughts on my response to RGA?. My preference would be to not commit to any additional dollars, with a fall back that if Gilmore does call Lay and he wants to respond positively, we then commit to renewing our membership early.	My preference would be to not commit to any additional dollars, with a fall back that if Gilmore does call Lay and he wants to respond positively, we then commit to renewing our membership early.	I think you are pretty busy over the next few days--please respond as your schedule allows.
intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us	It appears we will soon be ready to exchange signature pages at long last... We await only the parties final sign off on the schedule of trades being transferred.. Below are the proposed logistics for signing:. 1.. TRANSFER AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT Each party to execute 5 originals. a Enron and S C to fax an executed signature page for this document to Kate Polozie at McDermott, Will Emery, fax.. no PHONE .. b Enron and S C to send 5 five original signature pages via overnight courier to:. Kate Polozie, McDermott, Will Emery, 600 13th St.. N.W., Washington, D.C PHONE .. c Kate will compile and distribute complete documents to all parties once all originals are received.. 2.. POWER MASTER AMENDMENT ISDA SIDE LETTER Each party to execute 2 originals. a 1 Enron to fax an executed signature page for each document to Lauren Teigland, S C, fax.. no PHONE .. 2 Enron to retain 1 one original and send 1 one original signature page for each document via overnight courier to:. Lauren Teigland, Sullivan Cromwell, 125 Broad Street, New York, NY PHONE .. b 1 S C to fax signature pages for each document to Janice Moore and Sara Shackleton, fax.. no PHONE .. 2 S C to retain 1 one original and send 1 one original signature page for each document via overnight courier to Enron to confirm :. Janice Moore/Sara Shackleton , Enron Power Marketing, Inc. , 1600 Smith Street, Houston, TX 77002.. Please let me know if you have any questions/comments about the above.. Best regards, Lauren. This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential.	This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential.	If you are not the intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us immediately.
Please respond to  nmann erac.com	She called me, too.	She called me, too.	Neil Mann nmann erac.com on 04/19/2001 03:43:26 PM Please respond to nmann erac.com To: C. Kay Mann E-mail Kay.Mann Enron.com cc:
Could you kindly please offer me some real weather data information about	Mulong,. We shall send you natural gas Henry Hub prices right away.. Please look at the last winter and the winter of 95/96.. We shall prepare for you the electricity price information Cinergy, Cobb and Palo Verde but you have to approach FT the publishers of Megawatts Daily, a newsletter that produces the price index we recommend using and request the permision to use the data.. We are not allowed to distribute this information.. Please, explain that this is for academic research and that we can produce the time series for you, conditional on the permission from the publishers of Megawatts Daily.. Vince Kaminski. Dear Dr. Kaminski:. I am a PhD Candidate under the supervision of Drs.. Richard MacMinn and Patrick Brockett.. I am now working on my dissertation which is focused on the weather derivatives and credit derivatives.	I am now working on my dissertation which is focused on the weather derivatives and credit derivatives.	Could you kindly please offer me some real weather data information about the price peak or plummet because of the weather conditions?
PLEASE REVIEW THE NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER BELOW	3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D As requested, your News Alert for YHOO follows from EquityAlert.com.. To edit/discontinue your alerts please refer to end of message.	To edit/discontinue your alerts please refer to end of message.	PLEASE REVIEW THE NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER BELOW 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D
Please send the current DRAFT to the User s Guide to 1999 ISDA Credit			Please send the current DRAFT to the User s Guide to 1999 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions to my attention.
Rob, please follow up with Dorie she will handle the process for you.			Rob, please follow up with Dorie she will handle the process for you.
Could you please give me access to the west desk info.	Chris,	Chris,	Could you please give me access to the west desk info.
can you help me wiht this?			can you help me wiht this?
PLEASE FORWARD YOUR SHIRT SIZE TO ME  S, M, L, XL, ETC.  AS SOON AS POSSIBLE,			Tana Jones -XL
Also, could you	Hi and good morning.. Could you please book me a ticket for Portland.. Thanks very much.	Thanks very much.	Also, could you book me a hotel room at the 5th Avenue place or whatever it s called .
Can you meet with us tomorrow?	Jim,	Jim,	Can you meet with us tomorrow?
intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us	This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential.	This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential.	If you are not the intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us immediately.
you look at this and let me know if it works.	per the policy, the risk committee has to approve the initial policy.	per the policy, the risk committee has to approve the initial policy.	can you look at this and let me know if it works.
Kate, take a quick look at this would you?			Kate, take a quick look at this would you?
Jim Coffey -  Please call Zach at 1:30 PM.			Jim Coffey - Please call Zach at 1:30 PM.
Please copy Bernice	The contact for Fresno Cogen is Ken Salvagno - phone number is PHONE .. Thanks, Kate. New CP under 595518 is being set up tomorrow.. Can you please provide me with a phone number so GCP can confirm their information?	Can you please provide me with a phone number so GCP can confirm their information?	Please copy Bernice also.
Please include the transactions by desk sheets?			Please include the transactions by desk sheets?
For tickets please call Ryan Langan   503-797-9936 or e-mail	I just received this update from our good friend Ryan at the Blazers office.. Thought you guys might like to distribute the news..... Here are the upcoming Blazer specials for a Enron NA employees!. Blue Section lower level endzone - 47 normally 69 - Available for some games Purple section upper level center - 20 Normally 23 Tan section upper level behind basket - 10 Call me to find out our special on Preferred seats during the day of the game!. BONUS - each ticket comes with a 3 Blazer Buck good for food and beverage in the arena To see a map with the colored sections go to http://www.blazers.com and click on arena and tickets... Upcoming games: January 30 - Chicago Bulls February 1 - Phoenix Suns February 7 - Seattle Supersonics February 13 - Minnesota Timberwolves February 17 - Boston Celtics February 20 - Denver Nuggets February 22 - Utah Jazz OR - Call for any future Blazer game!!	BONUS - each ticket comes with a 3 Blazer Buck good for food and beverage in the arena To see a map with the colored sections go to http://www.blazers.com and click on arena and tickets... Upcoming games: January 30 - Chicago Bulls February 1 - Phoenix Suns February 7 - Seattle Supersonics February 13 - Minnesota Timberwolves February 17 - Boston Celtics February 20 - Denver Nuggets February 22 - Utah Jazz OR - Call for any future Blazer game!!	For tickets please call Ryan Langan PHONE or e-mail ryan.langan ripcity.com
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	beth keane betzcat webtv.net 2721 s judkins st seattle, WA 98144 btzcat webtv.net. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please add Janice Moore and Shari Stack to you list	Lisa Thanks for the notice.	Lisa Thanks for the notice.	Please add Janice Moore and Shari Stack to you list and delete Lou Stoler.
Please match the purchase deal 551027 with sales deals 376880, 380492, and			Please match the purchase deal 551027 with sales deals 376880, 380492, and 551007 on CGAS.
Please review and send comments to Mollie Lampi  mlampi nyiso.com  by 10:00 AM	Attached, please find the December 1 filing with the FERC on the Over Generation Issue.	Attached, please find the December 1 filing with the FERC on the Over Generation Issue.	Please review and send comments to Mollie Lampi mlampi nyiso.com by 10:00 AM Friday morning 12/1 .
d you please return our toaster.	At least we are all laughing.. Gave us something else to think about!	Gave us something else to think about!	Woul d you please return our toaster.
give me a call.	I have made slight revisions to the November work schedule to accomodate the Dispatcher Training trip of Geir and Holden at the end of this month.. Monika C. has been changed from a N to a Day shift on the last day of the month.. Bill and Holden switched a day.. The schedule for December has been revised as well.. Jeremy Morris is leaving the group for the California Desk congrats!. and we have two new employees to work into the schedule.. Additionally, we had to schedule around the Christmas party on the 2nd, Christmas and New Year s Eve.. Jesse Bryson and David Porter are scheduled to work on the evening of the Christmas party.. Bill Williams is scheduled tentatively for both Christmas and New Years eve.. I will be revising the schedule for this occurence, as this is clearly not acceptable.. I am looking for a volunteer for either of these holidays.. Absent of that , I will conduct a drawing or assign someone.. No one is thrilled about working holidays, etc.. but as a Real Timer - that is a huge part of the commitment that you made to the group.. I will be using new scheduling system software to schedule the new year.. If you want to make changes to the schedule, you will approve these through me.. I anticipate that there will be no problems swapping days with another trader, provided that they are of like skill level and you dont net fewer days in a given month.. Once again, I will revise the schedule to reflect these changes.	Once again, I will revise the schedule to reflect these changes.	If you have any questions about the work schedules or anything thing else, give me a call.
Please forward this on.			Please forward this on.
1999.  Please update your records.			-bcc: X-Folder: Kay Mann June2001 4 Notes Folders sent mail X-Origin: MANN-K X-FileName: kmann.nsf
Please review and let s discuss further before forward by to Cascade.	Attached are the Cascade Documents redlined with my changes.	Attached are the Cascade Documents redlined with my changes.	Please review and let s discuss further before forward by to Cascade.
Please respond to henri hearme.com	just thought i would send you this link to see if we could both connect to this site and talk to each other. Forwarded by Greg Whalley/HOU/ECT on 04/05/2000 03:08 PM	Forwarded by Greg Whalley/HOU/ECT on 04/05/2000 03:08 PM	henri hearme.com on 03/24/2000 03:14:09 PM Please respond to henri hearme.com To: gwhalle enron.com cc: Subject: Henri s product
Mary,  Could you please prepare the form of CA for these entities.			Mary, Could you please prepare the form of CA for these entities.
Can you put pressure on New York?	John: I don t know if you ve been in touch with Instinet but they are now holding up the documents.. Instinet could not find the ECT Investments, Inc. executed 1997 agreements which I have resent to them and I now have their lawyer agreed to amend that agreement to add the London terminal.. This should be a minor item.	This should be a minor item.	Can you put pressure on New York?
Please verify if this is some other	Audrey,. Concerning deal 579038: This was a mistake on my part, the price should in fact be 80 as the APX is showing .. I ve fixed the price in Enpower.. Concerning deal 581335: This trade did take place between Enron and Sierra Pacific Industries not the APX .. I mistakenly put that deal in under the wrong counterparty.. I ve fixed the counterparty in Enpower.. I will ask Fran Chang to autoschedule both deals.. Let me know if I need to do anything further.. Thanks, Stan. Kate Stan, Deal 579038.1 Enron is showing 85 for the offpeak load on 4/13 4/14..... APX is showing 80 for offpeak on 4/13 4/14....please verify and correct if necessary.. I have also attached APX invoice per the internet website below for both days.. Deal 581335.1 APX is currently not showing that this deal occurred for 4/16 for offpeak load see screen below at the bottom .	Deal 581335.1 APX is currently not showing that this deal occurred for 4/16 for offpeak load see screen below at the bottom .	Please verify if this is some other c/p s deal.
Can you look into this	done. JM,. The message below is related to deal 138094.. According to Joan, October is the last month for this deal.. However, the evergreen flag is activated in Sitara and a new line has been created for November.	However, the evergreen flag is activated in Sitara and a new line has been created for November.	Can you look into this please?
Could you spare a few moments to look over the attached three-page Power	Vince:. Have you or a member of your group had a chance to look over the forwarded e-mail yet?. We have a meeting on Thursday with another potential client who plans to use his own capital.. His capital budgeting issues are similar to those of the client who prompted my original e-mail.. The more DSM projects that we can help the client get approved, the more DSM savings we can share with the client.. These DSM projects can turn a retail commodity contract with low profitability into a substantially more profitable contract for us.. Would one of your GARCH analyses provide us with a quantitative solution?. One of your experts in differential equations might have devised something.. We d really like to have something quantitative if you think it s at all possible.. Thanks,. Jeff. Vince:	Vince:	Could you spare a few moments to look over the attached three-page Power Point presentation?
Can you locate the EBS Inc bylaws for me?	Hi Robin,	Hi Robin,	Can you locate the EBS Inc bylaws for me?
Please make sure to write	On Saturday, January 13, 2001, an earthquake shook Central America.. The earthquake, which had a magnitude of 7.6, was centered off of El Salvador s central coast.. The death toll is currently at 700, and the damage has been estimated at nearly 1 billion, nearly half of the country s annual budget.. Enron employees are encouraged to donate to relief efforts and to take advantage of our Matching Gift Program to double the impact of your donation.. Enron will match, dollar for dollar, every donation that you make, up to 15,000 annually per employee.. Listed below are a multitude of organizations that are offering aid to the victims of this earthquake.. To print a Matching Gift form, please click here and then click on gifts, grants and giving.. Please fill out the form and send it with your check to 3AC-1409.. We will send the money collected, along with a check from Enron for the same amount, to each of the organizations.	We will send the money collected, along with a check from Enron for the same amount, to each of the organizations.	Please make sure to write El Salvador on your check.
Please talk with Mark Taylor on who should handle this in our group as given			Doug: Please talk with Mark Taylor on who should handle this in our group as given my situation, I will probably not be able to take this on.
Please call Lysa Akin to confirm the date.	The Offsite is more imporant.	The Offsite is more imporant.	Please call Lysa Akin to confirm the date.
Call me to discuss these issues.	Fred,. My understanding which I will verify is that Enron would still be at risk from an environmental standpoint with a lease.. We could try to lessen our exposure as much as possible with the lease, and get indemnity from PGL.. Kay. Attached is the cost sharing agreement proposed by PERC on the Torrence site.. It proposes that ENA agree to share all future development costs and environmental liabilities on the Torrence parcel on a 50/50 basis.. I believe that there are some inconsistencies between the language in this Agreement and the PDA signed in April of 2000 i.e.. dates, terms, and the members of the management committee .. I have informed PERC that it is ENA s policy not to step in the chain of title on properties with known environmental liabilities.. I have recommended to PERC that PGL Peoples regulated utility buy the Torrence property they want if for remediation purposes anyway from Air Liquide on June 26th and hold it while PERC and ENA complete the due diligence required to develop a commercially viable power plant development project.. It will be my recommendation that ENA does not execute this cost sharing agreement as written.. If the environmental liability risk was removed and stronger language inserted on the control of going-forward development expenditures then it would represent a commercially reasonable agreement.. Ideally we would like this agreement to provide for ENA to market the Torrence and other development sites ENA s sell-down strategy under a known value sharing formula and transaction financial triggers .. I will discuss this approach with Laura Luce and Curtis Cole this week.. From a legal perspective, could we structure a long-term lease between PGL and Torrence Power LLC PERC ENA as owners that could provide commercial site control to PERC/ENA while leaving the environmental liabilities on the Torrence property with PGL?. this would be fitting, because PGL has owned the property in the past and have likely been the major contributor to the site s environmental contamination .	this would be fitting, because PGL has owned the property in the past and have likely been the major contributor to the site s environmental contamination .	Call me to discuss these issues.
Can you help get this set up			Can you help get this set up Participants John K and the people at LLLG that he thinks are appropriate Marcus N/ John Llodra Marcus has warned him of this and can help coordinate w him if necessary .
Please, put on my schedule and confirm.	Shirley,	Shirley,	Please, put on my schedule and confirm.
However, PADI and the diving industry do need your help in another way.	PADI Americas 30151 Tomas Street, Rancho Santa Margarita, CA PHONE PHONE , or PHONE http://www.padi.com. To unsubscribe or change your email address, please go to http://www.padi.com/fun/email/default.asp. Dear Fellow Diver;. Ok, ok, I know I said I d do better job of getting these out on time, but now you can stop sending me emails asking when the next newsletter is coming out!. Here s a quick update.. We ve added about 11,000 new fellow divers to this month s newsletter, which brings us up to about 260,000 PADI Divers worldwide, making this the most widely read newsletter in the industry!. From the entry-level certification numbers we re seeing, you re all doing your part by bringing many new divers into our great sport.. Please keep up the good work.	Please keep up the good work.	However, PADI and the diving industry do need your help in another way.
4.   Can you negotiate  .			In response to your Revised Cutter Oil contract:
Password:   emclaug  Please Change	Your PRODUCTION User ID and Password has been set up on UBSWenergy.. Please follow the steps below to access the new environment:. From Internet Explorer connect to the UBSWenergy Production Cluster through the following link: http://remoteservices.netco.enron.com/ica/ubswenergy.ica use your UBSWenergy/Enron NT Log In Password. From the second Start menu, select appropriate application:	From the second Start menu, select appropriate application:	User ID: emclaug Password: emclaug Please Change
Effective 3/1/2000, please increase our nom to 60,000 MMBtu			Effective 3/1/2000, please increase our nom to 60,000 MMBtu per day into Eastrans.
Please remove her from all	Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.	Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.	Please remove her from all your mail lists.
Haedicke, Mark E.  J , please arrange for a meeting.			Haedicke, Mark E. J , please arrange for a meeting.
Can you check into this and see what happened?	This deal is entered as not to be confirmed.. It looks like it probably should be confirmed.	It looks like it probably should be confirmed.	Can you check into this and see what happened?
To unsubscribe, send a message to unsubscribe ashford.com   and put the word  remove  in the subject line.	IMAGE. IMAGE IMAGE. IMAGE. IMAGE Special Offers from Cooking.com Come home for the holidays!. marthastewart.com is pleased to offer Ashford members an exclusive 20 discount on all Martha by Mail and MarthasFlowers.. To make this season even brighter, we have hand selected a unique collection of ideal holiday gifts, decorations, crafts and fresh flowers.. To receive your discount, simply click on the link or use coupon E7ASH in the source code box at checkout.. Offer expires 11/23/01 and is not valid on magazine subscriptions.. IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE P.S.. Please feel free to forward this email to all of your friends.. They ll thank you for it!. Friends can subscribe to Ashford.com email by clicking here: Subscribe to Ashford.com .. IMAGE Let us hear from you.. If you have any suggestions or any problems with your email, or if you need to change your email address, please contact jschunter ashford.com.. IMAGE You are receiving this email because you have subscribed to the Ashford newsletter.	IMAGE You are receiving this email because you have subscribed to the Ashford newsletter.	To unsubscribe, send a message to unsubscribe ashford.com and put the word remove in the subject line.
Please review and let me know your thoughts by end of day Thursday, Aug 31.	A bit lengthy, but I think it looks fine.. Attached is a draft of the Starwood press release with our initial changes in red.	Attached is a draft of the Starwood press release with our initial changes in red.	Please review and let me know your thoughts by end of day Thursday, Aug 31.
Would you pls let me know	Vera,. We shall talk to the accounting group about the correction.. Vince. Per mail dated June 15 from Kim Watson, there was supposed to have occurred a true-up of 274.7 in July for the fist six months of 2000.. Reviewing July actuals, I was not able to locate this entry.	Reviewing July actuals, I was not able to locate this entry.	Would you pls let me know whether this entry was made, if not, when do you intend to process it .
for the confirmation, then yes, please add some notes in the comment section	If John Malowney is okay with the confirmation he reviewed, I m fine.	If John Malowney is okay with the confirmation he reviewed, I m fine.	I made the changes he suggested and sent it out, so if nothing else needs to be done for the confirmation, then yes, please add some notes in the comment section of deal entry about what happened.
Please work to come up with	FYI.. A couple of comments on the GE contract.. Brett. Brett,. Just a few comments.. Exhibit H-2 Training and Exhibit B-2 Specifications need to be added.. Exhibit N-1 does not have the unit price.. The Contract Terms do not have the contract price.. John. I failed to forward this to you guys yesterday.	I failed to forward this to you guys yesterday.	Please work to come up with consolidated comments as soon as possible.
Please respond			07:09 AM Please respond to Matthew.Flett Dear Sara, I have been given the negotiation of the ISDA Master Agreement between Morgan Stanley Capital Services Inc, and Enron North America Corp.
Can you get with Duke and see if this gas should have been at Centana into	CR,	CR,	Can you get with Duke and see if this gas should have been at Centana into Mobil instead of HPL?
Please direct your questions and concerns in my direction	Hi Darren,. Did you successfully receive the information I sent to you.. I would appreciate a response so that I know your needs.. I am sure your schedule is as busy as mine and I am committed to providing dedicated service to all my clients and in return I request your loyalty.	I am sure your schedule is as busy as mine and I am committed to providing dedicated service to all my clients and in return I request your loyalty.	Please direct your questions and concerns in my direction and let me know in what areas you would like my assistance.
Please fill out the	The Raptor I structure requires that certian information be included with the confirmation of derivative transactions with Talon.	The Raptor I structure requires that certian information be included with the confirmation of derivative transactions with Talon.	Please fill out the attached form for the Avici swap on August 3 and submit it to me.
Please make checks payable to Datek Online and please include your	Dear Mr. LARRY CAMPBELL:. The equity in your Datek Online trading account has fallen below our margin maintenance requirements.. This results in a margin maintenance call that requires you to either make an immediate payment or to close out some of your portfolio.. If your account is not restored to its required equity by three business days from today, portions of your portfolio may be liquidated.. Furthermore, Datek Online reserves the right to take action at ANY time with or without notice if market conditions warrant.. Your current margin call is as follows:. Userid CAMPB PHONE .61. When funding your account, we strongly recommend that you send any payments by overnight delivery.. Otherwise, your deposit may not be received in time to satisfy this call.	Otherwise, your deposit may not be received in time to satisfy this call.	Please make checks payable to Datek Online and please include your username or account number on the face of your check before mailing to...
In your e-mail, please indicate the classes you want to add and drop.	Hi Everyone, Attached please find your Fall 2001 schedule.. From now until Friday, May 11 you will have an opportunity to add and drop classes by e-mailing tj haas.berkeley.edu you may not make changes in TELEBEARS .	From now until Friday, May 11 you will have an opportunity to add and drop classes by e-mailing tj haas.berkeley.edu you may not make changes in TELEBEARS .	In your e-mail, please indicate the classes you want to add and drop.
Please write out instructions	I need to do my reviews before I go to Hawaii.	I need to do my reviews before I go to Hawaii.	Please write out instructions on how I can do them on the computer.
Please also review the attached e-mail from Patricia Hogan at Goldman Sachs	Any thoughts on this Platt s issue?. Forwarded by Mark Taylor/HOU/ECT on 01/07/2000 01:53 PM. Responses to our request for a final review of the 1999 Supplement have been very good.. We are still waiting on a couple of responses.. I won t name names.. You know who you are.	You know who you are.	Please also review the attached e-mail from Patricia Hogan at Goldman Sachs regarding the appropriate Platt s references.
Please see below and let me know your thoughts on the GTC/confirmation			Please see below and let me know your thoughts on the GTC/confirmation question?
Please review and contact Barry directly to discuss.	Steve Van Hooser Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith EB3877 Houston, Texas 770 PHONE . We are building a model this a.m. to test calculation assumptions.. Has PG E asked for any clarification or changes to my proposed calc.. I will have confirmation of the calc first thing this a.m. monday. BT.. Attached is a draft of the mark to market language per your discussion with Barry.	Attached is a draft of the mark to market language per your discussion with Barry.	Please review and contact Barry directly to discuss.
Can you email me Glenn s info so I can send him the hard copy?	Opps.. I still don t have a copy of the final LOI!. Please send to me at your convenience.. Thanks!. Great trip back.. I spent yesterday in Clarksdale Mississippi.. Don t make a point of spending your vacation there!	Don t make a point of spending your vacation there!	Can you email me Glenn s info so I can send him the hard copy?
Rob, can you discuss with the other groups to appropriately sort out the			Rob, can you discuss with the other groups to appropriately sort out the corporate opportunity ie Laura, Hunter, etc.
Also, you will need to add the new file to your Lotus Notes Workspace by opening up your re-located mail file.	In conjunction with your migration to the Outlook/Exchange email system, your Lotus Notes mail file has been moved to a new server in order to free up disk space and help reduce the time it takes for backups.. The new server name is NAHOU-LNARC01P/Enron.. Please note: your mail file is in the mail2 subdirectory on the server not the mail subdirectory Your Lotus Notes Location document will need to be modified to reflect the new server name.	Please note: your mail file is in the mail2 subdirectory on the server not the mail subdirectory Your Lotus Notes Location document will need to be modified to reflect the new server name.	Also, you will need to add the new file to your Lotus Notes Workspace by opening up your re-located mail file.
Please, set up a phone interview.	Shirley,	Shirley,	Please, set up a phone interview.
As discussed, please place a priority on these drafts.	Please redraft the ISDA contract between ENA and Delano Energy Company per the terms in the attached credit worksheet Delano2.xls .. The only change made from the previous draft is the cp s guaranty amount and collateral threshold.. The cp has not reviewed the first draft; therefore, Chris Foster, has asked that the credit terms in the new cws incorporate credit s new exposure appetite after the physical Master Energy contract was executed.. Please contact Chris Foster, PHONE as to his preference in delivering this new draft.. I will be out of the office on Monday and will return mid-day Tuesday.. Please leave a message should you have any questions.. FYI - The email below was the initial request for the first draft.. Thanks, Tracy PHONE . Please prepare two 2 separate drafts of an ISDA Master Swap Agreement between ENA and Delano Energy Company, Inc. and Mountain View Power Company, LLC, respectively, per the terms of the attached credit worksheets.	Please prepare two 2 separate drafts of an ISDA Master Swap Agreement between ENA and Delano Energy Company, Inc. and Mountain View Power Company, LLC, respectively, per the terms of the attached credit worksheets.	As discussed, please place a priority on these drafts.
review, please give me a call to discuss any issues or questions you may	Ms. Buchanan:. Attached for your consideration is a draft of a Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement between Enron North America Corp. and TrizecHahn.	Attached for your consideration is a draft of a Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement between Enron North America Corp. and TrizecHahn.	Upon your review, please give me a call to discuss any issues or questions you may have regarding this matter.
Could you please forward the transport contracts for Sep?			Could you please forward the transport contracts for Sep?
Please e-mail me your shipping address for	Hello. Thanks for the quick response, if you wish to pay via visa I personally can t process your card you would need to either open an account with www.paypal.com or www.bidpay.com -both of them take about a minute to set up, but please note paypal is a free service while bidpay charges but is easier to use .. All prices are in US dollars.	All prices are in US dollars.	Please e-mail me your shipping address for faster order processing, and include your e-mail address or auction info with your payment to avoid processing delays.
plz call jeff d when you can at 415.505.6633.			plz call jeff d when you can at PHONE . thx,jeff
Please contact me with any comments ASAP.	Attached are draft message points for California.. Note that the what happens to Sierra s California customers discussion is weak, but based on the facts.. I plan on distributing these in draft to Sierra for their comments by COB today.	I plan on distributing these in draft to Sierra for their comments by COB today.	Please contact me with any comments ASAP.
Please coordinate with John Shuttee at El Paso the	Susan: We are ready to execute the ISDA with El Paso.. Here are the schedules and the Enron Guaranty.	Here are the schedules and the Enron Guaranty.	Please coordinate with John Shuttee at El Paso the execution of the docs.
Send the package to the office.	If anything, life sucks worse.. There is a guy retiring today and I m basically supposed to replace him on this project, but I ve been so busy with other projects that I haven t had any time to pick his brain.. So I am fucked but large.	So I am fucked but large.	Send the package to the office.
Can you two check with your Dynegy and Reliant	I ll check with Smutney.	I ll check with Smutney.	Can you two check with your Dynegy and Reliant contacts in Houston?
formation about Kase In House Training Classes please email us at:kase kase	Energy Consumers and Producers?. Are you a consumer that hesitated to buy forward in 2000 or bought too soon last year?. Are you a producer who hedge d too early in 2000 and did not hedge enough in early 2001?. Did you take u ndue credit risk because you did not know how to estimate exposure?. Are yo u comforting yourself with the fact that you did not hedge to make money?. Let s face it - you did not hedge to lose money either.. Kase s Derivatives for Energy Professionals will provide you with the indispensable strategie s and tactics you need to avoid costly errors and equip you to make the imp ortant hedging decisions necessary for survival in today s treacherous mark etplace.. Content The Derivatives Market Buying and Selling Forward Hedgin g Long and Short Positions Trigger Deals, EFP s, Swaps Hedging Spreads and Basis Volatility and Options Hedging with Options Hedging with Exotics Ma rket Behavior in Favorable Price Environments Market Behavior in Adverse Pr ice Environments Developing a Strategy to Match Risk Appetite Selecting App ropriate Instruments Developing Policies and Procedures In This Class Yo u Will Learn About How futures and OTC derivatives work Hedging prices, ba sis, margins, and spreads Math for volatility, VAR, Monte Carlos Options, including puts, calls, floors, caps, synthetics, and more Cost-reducing he dge strategies, such as three-way collars, option spreads How the market b ehaves, including how long bull and bear markets typically last, how contan go or backwardation effects hedging, the impact of removing hedges What he dge maturities should be used Considerations for custom strategies Develop ing policies and procedures Registration Fees Include a Copy of Kase s vi deo Effective Risk Management IMAGE Early Bird Deadline for August 6 -7 Class is June 3rd Early Bird Special: 895.00 Two or More Early Bird: 825.00 Regular: 995.00 Two or More: 895.00 Marriott West Loop, Hous ton 135 Per Night - Kase Class Rate PHONE Reservations Phone PHONE Reservations Fax 1750 West Loop South Houston, TX 77027 For M ore Information Go To?.. www.kaseco.com/classes/derivatives.htm IMAGE Kase and Company also offers In House Training Classes.	www.kaseco.com/classes/derivatives.htm IMAGE Kase and Company also offers In House Training Classes.	For more in formation about Kase In House Training Classes please email us at:kase kase co.com PHONE .
Based on the aforementioned information, please create a sitara deal ticket	I have inputted the spot deals into system and added the Sitara ticket no to the below list.. I have yet to do the Gasper Rice deal ticket.. Tom,. HPLC will be purchasing wellhead gas from the producers listed below for the production month of May.. This production will be purchased on a spot basis and deal tickets should be created and entered into sitara based on the following information:. Counterparty Meter Volume Price. Engage Energy US, LP PHONE 58 598mmbtu/d 100 IF/HSC less 0.20 Engage Energy US, LP PHONE 59 285mmbtu/d 100 IF/HSC less 0.20 Engage Energy US, LP PHONE 60 671mmbtu/d 100 IF/HSC less 0.20 Engage Energy US, LP PHONE 61 1,157mmbtu/d 100 IF/HSC less 0.20 El Sordo Gathering PHONE 62 103mmbtu/d 70 IF/HSC Swift Energy PHONE 63 21mmbtu/d 90 IF/HSC less 0.258 EEX Corporation PHONE 64 1,778mmbtu/d 95 IF/HSC EEX Corporation PHONE 65 14,000mmbtu/d 95 IF/HSC. Additionally, Samson Lone Star LP reduced its working interest in contract PHONE to 33.375 effective 3/1/00.. The remaining 66.625 working interest was sold to Gasper Rice, Ltd. HPLC amended and ratified the contract effective 3/1/00.. The term of the contract has not been extended as of yet and is currently in an evergreen status with 100 of the volumes allocated to Samson Lone Star.	The term of the contract has not been extended as of yet and is currently in an evergreen status with 100 of the volumes allocated to Samson Lone Star.	Based on the aforementioned information, please create a sitara deal ticket for the following:
For inquiries, please forward all emails to min528 samsung.co.kr.	Dear Errol,. We have still not received the Affidavit form from you.. I have tried calling you both in the office and at home but was not able to get through.. Kindly send us the affidavit form by the 3rd of December, Sunday - which is Monday in Korea - so that I can request for shipment immediately.. If we do not receive the Affidavit by this week, I am afraid that we will have to forfeit your prize.. Please do not hesitate to contact me for any questions or inquiries.. Thank you and we hope to hear from you soon.. Best Regards,. Congratulations, Errol!. You are a winner of the Samsung Pick the Phone with Olympic Rings event, which means that you ve won a Samsung Yepp Mp3 Player which is worth over US 250 in value!. Please complete the following Affidavit of Eligibility and Liability/Publicity Release Form and fax it to fax no: 82 PHONE Korea so that Samsung can ship you your prize.. Your prize will be shipped out as soon as we get your reply.	Your prize will be shipped out as soon as we get your reply.	For inquiries, please forward all emails to min528 samsung.co.kr.
Please plan to get together tomorrow, March 20 from 3-4 PM in 39C1 for a staff meeting.			Please plan to get together tomorrow, March 20 from 3-4 PM in 39C1 for a staff meeting.
get a chance, please give me a call.	Steve, Congratulations.. Welcome back.. I sent you a note and a spreadsheet with the deals we have booked in our system.. I was trying to reconcile them to your list of deals.. I could not.. But I think the best thing to do is to simply start over and book the deals you tell me to.. I just need the exact terms.	I just need the exact terms.	I know it s your first day back and you are probably swamped, but when you get a chance, please give me a call.
If any of you know Stephen Bennett, would you please contact David Fusco to			If any of you know Stephen Bennett, would you please contact David Fusco to make a call.
Please call me at 713/853-3399 or Leslie Hansen,	At the request of George Zivic, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.	At the request of George Zivic, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.	Please call me at 713/ PHONE or Leslie Hansen, Senior Counsel, at 713/ PHONE if you have any comments or questions.
Please run a Mark to Market as of 12/31/2001 for TENASKA III Texas Partners.			Please run a Mark to Market as of 12/31/2001 for TENASKA III Texas Partners.
P.S. Shirley, please send a Real Options binder to Paul.			-Origin: Kaminski-V X-FileName: vkamins.nsf
Eric,  Can you pull the FERC document cited below and print it out.			Eric, Can you pull the FERC document cited below and print it out.
Please respond to Chris.Germany enron.com	Mike, here is the worksheet.. The 2 tabs you need to use are CES Retail East and CES Retail Mrkt .. Also, CGAS contract 67693 goes from 54,327 dt per day to around 108,000 dth per day starting Oct 1.. Forwarded by Chris Germany/HOU/ECT on 07/24/2000 04:59 PM. Chris--Yes, you may provide the subject information to Mr. Garred.. Thanks.	Thanks.	Chris.Germany enron.com on 07/24/2000 04:08:02 PM Please respond to Chris.Germany enron.com
Please complete the following Affidavit of Eligibility and	Dear Errol,. We have still not received the Affidavit form from you.. I have tried calling you both in the office and at home but was not able to get through.. Kindly send us the affidavit form by the 3rd of December, Sunday - which is Monday in Korea - so that I can request for shipment immediately.. If we do not receive the Affidavit by this week, I am afraid that we will have to forfeit your prize.. Please do not hesitate to contact me for any questions or inquiries.. Thank you and we hope to hear from you soon.. Best Regards,. Congratulations, Errol!. You are a winner of the Samsung Pick the Phone with Olympic Rings event, which means that you ve won a Samsung Yepp Mp3 Player which is worth over US 250 in value!	You are a winner of the Samsung Pick the Phone with Olympic Rings event, which means that you ve won a Samsung Yepp Mp3 Player which is worth over US 250 in value!	Please complete the following Affidavit of Eligibility and Liability/Publicity Release Form and fax it to fax no: 82 PHONE Korea so that Samsung can ship you your prize.
give me a call when you get a chance.			give me a call when you get a chance.
Please use the Alberta Phone Log next to the PX trade app.	Group,	Group,	Please use the Alberta Phone Log next to the PX trade app.
Please prepare one for all eight	Please use the attached for the guarantees.	Please use the attached for the guarantees.	Please prepare one for all eight participants.
Please give this term sheet a look and advise of any changes you think might be necessary.	Kayne and Rahil,	Kayne and Rahil,	Please give this term sheet a look and advise of any changes you think might be necessary.
If Elizabeth is here on Monday, could you please put this on her calendar?			Brenda: If Elizabeth is here on Monday, could you please put this on her calendar?
send your answers back to me when completed.	Jeff and Ben: Here are some more questions regarding the Caledonia and Brownsville plants.. Your assistance with these questions would be greatly appreciated.	Your assistance with these questions would be greatly appreciated.	Please send your answers back to me when completed.
Please review, and provide your feedback to me, the EBS origination team	Eric,. Thank you very much for taking the time to speak with Tom Moore and me.. Attached is the only contract which I have received from the EBS origination team trying to close a deal with BMC Software.. Steve Morse and Chaz Vaughan report to Brad Nebergall VP, Central Origination, EBS , who reports to Jim Crowder VP, Enterprise Services, EBS .	Steve Morse and Chaz Vaughan report to Brad Nebergall VP, Central Origination, EBS , who reports to Jim Crowder VP, Enterprise Services, EBS .	Please review, and provide your feedback to me, the EBS origination team Chaz, Steve, and Brad Nebergall , and Tom Moore.
Please, if you can help or know someone who may, get in touch with me.	Good Afternoon, Yesterday my inbox, all my personal e-mail folders, and any document attached to an e-mail were lost.. Nothing happend specifically to cause this.. We do not know where the data went and have been unable to retrieve it.. Please, if you know anything about Outlook or data recover, I need your help.. I rely on e-mail not only for communication but to transfer and receive very important information - some of which will be lost permanently unless I am able to restore the files.. I also use my e-mail as a form of record keeping and information storage, which helps me to do my job.	I also use my e-mail as a form of record keeping and information storage, which helps me to do my job.	Please, if you can help or know someone who may, get in touch with me.
PLEASE SIGN MY NAME AND SEND			PLEASE SIGN MY NAME AND SEND
Please get a draft going on this one - we want to close on Monday.	The next step in the turbine challenge is getting a draft working for the ESA transaction.. You will find the turbines referenced on the Excel chart as ESA- Brazil 6 and 2.. I am forwarding the serial numbers for those turbines.	I am forwarding the serial numbers for those turbines.	Please get a draft going on this one - we want to close on Monday.
Could you please print the attached on letterhead for my initials and	Stephanie,	Stephanie,	Could you please print the attached on letterhead for my initials and distribution to John Allario.
Give me a call when you are ready to go.	Good Morning,. Here are the direct bookouts I have matched up along with my options I only show open COB contracts on the LLH	Here are the direct bookouts I have matched up along with my options I only show open COB contracts on the LLH	Give me a call when you are ready to go.
copy, use or disclose this communication to others; also please notify the	This message and any attachments are intended for the individual or entity named above.	This message and any attachments are intended for the individual or entity named above.	If you are not the intended recipient, please do not read, copy, use or disclose this communication to others; also please notify the sender by replying to this message, and then delete it from your system.
Can you get me an updated list of projects by October 9th.	Beth	Beth	Can you get me an updated list of projects by October 9th.
Please review the attached deal for credit approval.			Please review the attached deal for credit approval.
Please call me Monday morning.	Kaye:. Without making this too complicated, Frank Sayre wants to join in.. And I am waiting to hear when Caroline Abramo will be in Houston.. Thursday and Friday are not acceptable dates.	Thursday and Friday are not acceptable dates.	Please call me Monday morning.
Anyway, when you get a chance could you exclude these deals from the query as well?	Susan - I just tested the schedule pull again and found one more deal type we need to exclude - ANNUITIES.. The download pulls in purchase and sale annuities as regular forward purchases and sales, recognizing the average price as the total annuity price, which is, obviously, wrong.	The download pulls in purchase and sale annuities as regular forward purchases and sales, recognizing the average price as the total annuity price, which is, obviously, wrong.	Anyway, when you get a chance could you exclude these deals from the query as well?
Can you please review and get me comments	I should be able to accomodate the schedule.. Kay. I spoke to Jon Stroble of El Paso today and he as agreed to delay signing this agreement until next week.. We need to get him any comments by close of business on Monday, July 17.	We need to get him any comments by close of business on Monday, July 17.	Can you please review and get me comments ASAP.
Please send me your input by COB tomorrow, Friday, August 11, so I can	OK. Task Team Members: Attached is Draft 3 of the Summer Stakeholder letter.. It incorporates changes recommended by Jim Bannantine and Rick Shapiro.	It incorporates changes recommended by Jim Bannantine and Rick Shapiro.	Please send me your input by COB tomorrow, Friday, August 11, so I can finalize and forward to Dick.
Please change the term  best	Exhibit C and Exhibit D. Dan, I will make the change that you refer to on the transaction agreement.. Also, which exhibits need to be signed in conjunction with the firm purchase/sale agreement?. Let me know and I will begin getting them executed.. Thanks, Mike. Dan.J.Hyvl enron.com 12/04/00 01:30PM. Mike, I have reviewed the attached marked copy of the transaction agreement and have gone over the changes with Craig.	Mike, I have reviewed the attached marked copy of the transaction agreement and have gone over the changes with Craig.	Please change the term best efforts which was added in the 14th line of Item 1 under Other to read commercially reasonable best efforts .
received this communication in error, please re-send this communication to	Hi Guys,. Enron policy requires that the assignment of tasks to outside counsel go through or at least be coordinated with the legal department.. In the future, please let me know what you need so that there can be some order to the process.. Did the Fehrs and Ledfords sign the option agreements?. Thank you,. Kay. Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 10/10/2000 08:47 AM. - CHI Mark.Gershon piperrudnick.com , Townsend, Christopher J.. - CHI chris.townsend piperrudnick.com , Shindler, Donald A.. - CHI Donald.Shindler piperrudnick.com. Kay:. This morning, Rusty requested that we prepare an Option Agreement for the 29 acre parcel west of the Livingston Energy Center.. This property could be used as a construction laydown site, but more importantly would provide a sound buffer for the project.. It is our understanding that the Option Agreement is to be presented to the property owner at some point next week.. We will forward a draft of the agreement to you no later than Monday, October 16, 2000.. Please feel free to call me or Don Shindler PHONE with any questions regarding the agreement.. Best regards.. Karen S. Way Piper Marbury Rudnick Wolfe 203 N. LaSalle Chicago, Illinois 60601 email: karen.way piperrudnick.com ph PHONE fax PHONE . The information contained in this communication may be confidential, is intended only for the use of the recipient named above, and may be legally privileged.. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, or copying of this communication, or any of its contents, is strictly prohibited.	If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, or copying of this communication, or any of its contents, is strictly prohibited.	If you have received this communication in error, please re-send this communication to the sender and delete the original message and any copy of it from your computer system.
Please e-mail me your special	Thanks, I will prepare execution documents.	Thanks, I will prepare execution documents.	Please e-mail me your special provisions again so I may incorporate same into the GISB.
Please copy him on all material like this.	I didn t see this in the competitive analysis folder.. As always, it is good to know you are on top of it.. These guys are using the technology we saw last week from OnExchange.. Amerex called me today to ask us to participate or if we deemed it necessary to take the lead in this project.. As always, James has the competitor info database on this stuff.	As always, James has the competitor info database on this stuff.	Please copy him on all material like this.
Can you provide me with the Agency Agreement or other documentation you may	Rhonda,	Rhonda,	Can you provide me with the Agency Agreement or other documentation you may have received with respect to this agency relationship.
Please check on:			Please check on:
Please fax to Dan Hyvl at  713  646-3490.	I thought that we were each faxing our signature pages.. I sent Enron s earlier, however, I have yet to receive any signature pages from the other entities.	I sent Enron s earlier, however, I have yet to receive any signature pages from the other entities.	Please fax to Dan Hyvl at PHONE .
Vince; could you please send thru the footnotes referred to in the chapter	Dear Vince and Grant,. Please find attached our butchering of your work only joking... .. We ve tied the chapter in with what has gone before and changed some of your notation so that it is consistent with ours.	We ve tied the chapter in with what has gone before and changed some of your notation so that it is consistent with ours.	Vince; could you please send thru the footnotes referred to in the chapter at your convenience.
please have them call me directly on x 39477.	Stephanie - As discussed, please shut down all Duke entities immediately for all CAISO products on EOL.. I have cleared this with our CAISO trader in the West.. We are having significant confirmation problems with them.. Please do not turn them back on without speaking to me.	Please do not turn them back on without speaking to me.	Should anyone from Duke call you or the Help Desk regarding this issue - please have them call me directly on x 39477.
Please set Randy Janzen up for SAP access.			Please set Randy Janzen up for SAP access.
I am working on this card for Andy Zipper and Dan Diamond, would you please			I am working on this card for Andy Zipper and Dan Diamond, would you please review this content.
Michelle:  Could you please send me the latest form of agreement that ENA			Michelle: Could you please send me the latest form of agreement that ENA should be using with its outside consultants?
Please give me a call at your convenience to discuss any	In response to your collective e-mails regading the GISB, below are my comments regarding Dynegy s Special Provisions.. Section 1.3 Agreed Section 2.6 Agreed Section 4.1 Disagree Section 5 Disagree Section 6 Disagree Section 7.5 Agreed Section 8.2 Agreed Section 10 Diagree Section 13 Agreed. The provisions agreed to above are to be included with Enron s Special Provisions.	The provisions agreed to above are to be included with Enron s Special Provisions.	Please give me a call at your convenience to discuss any questions you may have regarding these matters.
Please send HA Finals for the dates listed below to Pamela Carter.			Jim, Please send HA Finals for the dates listed below to Pamela Carter.
When you sell the 55 mw s HE 23 and 56 mw s HE 24 at Palo Verde please contact everyone in the upstream with the new sink.	HE 23 - 27mws HE 24 - 28mws. We are long for these two hours tonight.. Please sell this length at Palo and notify IID of the schedule.. They are aware that it is going real time.. The schedule is IID generation with an EPE generation exchange so it is sure to be a problem.. Please make the deal under STSW and link it to enpower deal numbers 587854 and 591302.. Please call me at 503/ PHONE if you have any questions.. Thank You. The original path was IID G PV EPEXCHANGE -BPENERGY-PNM-EPMI-CISO for 50 mw s lightload, we were cut HE 23 by 27mw s HE 24 by 28mw s. Please refer to EPMI tag number 21935.. We were unable to find a buyer for the 55 mw s of length we now have.. We spoke with everyone in the upstream and they agreed to settle this schedule real-time.. The corresponding deal number for our purchase from PNM is:. 587854.1 135.00. We sold 28 mw s HE 23 24 to PWX.. The Revised path is PINW G PV-AQUILLA-EPMI-PWX-CISO T PV/ELDERADO-LA T ELDERADO/SYLMAR/NOB-BPA T NOB/BE/BCBORDER-PWX.. Please disregard the below messege.. We also received cuts on the following path. The original path was PINW G PV-AQUILLA-EPMI-CISO for 100mw s lightload, we were cut HE 23 24 by 28mw s. Please refer to EPMI tag number 21938.. Were wer unable to find a buyer for the 56 mw s of length we now have.. We spoke with everyone in the upstream and they agreed to settle this schedule real-time.	We spoke with everyone in the upstream and they agreed to settle this schedule real-time.	When you sell the 55 mw s HE 23 and 56 mw s HE 24 at Palo Verde please contact everyone in the upstream with the new sink.
For future months, please add Bruce Mills to this list.			For future months, please add Bruce Mills to this list.
ject you d like to read about, please email us at editor money.net .	IMAGE 09 IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE 09. IMAGE 09 IMAGE 09 IMAGE IMAGE STOCK QUOTES: IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE I MAGE Please support our advertisers IMAGE Sponsored by: AT?. IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE The Scoop IMAGE Stocks Set for Weak O pen, Jobs Data Looms Stocks were set for a weak start on Friday, with inve stors anticipating that May employment numbers would reveal more job loss es as the nation struggles to pull out of an economic slowdown.. Full St ory IMAGE Sponsored by: National Discount Brokers IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE Inside Scoop Living Large Markets L ife Stages Book Reviews IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE Dow Jones Dow Jones Ind 30 IMAGE NASDAQ Comp.. NASDAQ Comp.. IMAGE Most Popular Stocks IMAGE TXN 34.20 0.08 IMAGE COMPX 2118.20 7.71 IMAGE LU 7.74 -0.14 IMAGE INDU 10870.88 -41.06 IMAGE PALM 5.58 -0.05 IMAGE JDSU 17.12 0.41 IMAGE CSCO 19.319 0.06 IMAGE MVEE 0.0017 0.00 IMAGE IMAGE money.net Feature IMAGE IMAGE Now you can link back to Money.net no matter what site you re on with our new interactive Tool Bar.. Jump to your streaming real time portfolio tracker, s earch for something on Google and check the latest sports scores with ESPN.. Trust us, you will love this product!!!!!. www.athoc.com/wis/activate/defa ult.asp?pid 3D20523 mktmsg 3DCA1 IMAGE Don t forget to check out toda y s feature stories IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE Stocks Rebound, Battered Sh ares Grabbed Investors go bargain-hunting Full Story IMAGE Jobless Claims Climb, Recession Risks Up American jobless claims hits 7-1/2 year high Full Story IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE If you have ques tions about our site, please email us at info money.net .	www.athoc.com/wis/activate/defa ult.asp?pid 3D20523 mktmsg 3DCA1 IMAGE Don t forget to check out toda y s feature stories IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE Stocks Rebound, Battered Sh ares Grabbed Investors go bargain-hunting Full Story IMAGE Jobless Claims Climb, Recession Risks Up American jobless claims hits 7-1/2 year high Full Story IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE If you have ques tions about our site, please email us at info money.net .	If there s a sub ject you d like to read about, please email us at editor money.net .
pls make the changes from the hardcopy I gave you and forward the completed			pls make the changes from the hardcopy I gave you and forward the completed one to Dave Neubauer and me., Thanks DF
Go ahead and accept the nom revision.	Bob,	Bob,	Go ahead and accept the nom revision.
To reserve a seat, please call Stephanie E. Taylor at	eSource presents Piranha Web training. Piranha Web offers an online connection to complete company analysis via content that includes Disclosure, Worldscope, Datastream and I/B/E/S.. The product is designed to allow users to get complete company fundamental financials, earnings estimates, and market data.. Training Agenda Includes: ?. General Introduction.. ?. Basic ticker query building. Seats fill up fast!	Seats fill up fast!	To reserve a seat, please call Stephanie E. Taylor at 5-7928 Check the eSource training page at http://esource.enron.com/training.doc for additional training sessions and vendor presentations
Could staff please confirm from the Judge that filing  electronically with			PerlisM DSMO.COM 10/29/01 01:30PM Could staff please confirm from the Judge that filing electronically with the list serve will suffice for notice?
Please add your two cents.	Eric/ Clay: Here is a list of items we feel are the major determinants of oil price moves.	Eric/ Clay: Here is a list of items we feel are the major determinants of oil price moves.	Please add your two cents.
Please provide me with your Physical offer for the following volumes:			Please provide me with your Physical offer for the following volumes: The volumes are in monthly volumes.
If you have a minute, can you give me a call?	Greetings.	Greetings.	If you have a minute, can you give me a call?
Could you also prepare a draft of the letter	Bonnie: Please forward to Michael Kirby.. I think the draft looks good.	I think the draft looks good.	Could you also prepare a draft of the letter we discussed yesterday to convey the proposal to the committee?
Please call me with	Attached is an ISDA worksheet for the above referenced.	Attached is an ISDA worksheet for the above referenced.	Please call me with your questions.
Will you guys send me a note back and let me know your availabilty Mon.,	Team, Looks like things are finally coming home to roost here.. I would argue that we TW and Enron should both consider getting our 5-minute sound bite in here since we re being afforded the opportunity.. Obviously, our goal should be to see the Commission adopt the Comprehensive Settlement.. Our focus point during our presentation should be on not only the sufficiency of infrastructure not dealt with specfically in the Comprehensive Settlement but the idea that there must be a concomitant unbundling of the intrastate transmission and a rational, equitable means to allocate capacity at receipt points and an orderly assignment of firm rights to shippers primary/secondary .. Let s put together a short teleconference to work out our strategy here and make sure we re on the agenda for May 22.	Let s put together a short teleconference to work out our strategy here and make sure we re on the agenda for May 22.	Will you guys send me a note back and let me know your availabilty Mon., Tues. or Wed.?
Please also send a copy of draft to Kim Ward  EB3204A  and one to me  EB2860 .	Debra, Can you please forward the attached contract to Dave Hutchens.. Debra -. Attached is a worksheet for another new Master Firm Purchase/Sale, this time for Tucson Electric Power Company.. Please prepare a draft and send to:. Mr. Dave Hutchens Tucson Electric Power Company One South Church Street Tucson, AZ 85701	Mr. Dave Hutchens Tucson Electric Power Company One South Church Street Tucson, AZ 85701	Please also send a copy of draft to Kim Ward EB3204A and one to me EB2860 .
Please give me a call when you have a moment so I can fill you in, and we can discuss the feedback we need to provide internally and to VEPCO  they re expecting something by tomorrow - Tuesday, 11/27/01	Elizabeth,. Hope you had a wonderful Thanksgiving-weekend.. Just wanted to follow-up on my messages on your voice mail re.. our call with VEPCO and subsequently, with Kevin.. It seems that there might be some agreement with VEPCO with regards to moving to an hourly index.. Kevin said he needed to hear from you and the higher-ups that our potential exposure resulting from audits was something we needed to address, and he would then take the resulting positions on his books without being penalized over potential MTM downside .	Kevin said he needed to hear from you and the higher-ups that our potential exposure resulting from audits was something we needed to address, and he would then take the resulting positions on his books without being penalized over potential MTM downside .	Please give me a call when you have a moment so I can fill you in, and we can discuss the feedback we need to provide internally and to VEPCO they re expecting something by tomorrow - Tuesday, 11/27/01
Could you tell us the address to send the check?	Kim, thanks for the phone message last week.. We are excited to have you back in Houston.. Can t wait to pop in on you Sunday evenings with a bottle of bubbly or fine wine.... Got your Christmas e-mail.	Got your Christmas e-mail.	Could you tell us the address to send the check?
Could you please take me off the	Laurel,. I have been transferred to Houston, TX.	I have been transferred to Houston, TX.	Could you please take me off the Calgary distribution list.
within 12 hours, please reply to this e-mail so we can assist you.	Dear Don Baughman Jr.,. Thank you for ordering Dope Wars 2.0 for Windows through RegNet - The Registration Network.. Your order has been processed and your order number is listed below.. Please reference this in any further correspondence.. Order Number: 330038. Your registration provides: Registration code and instructions by e-mail.. Quantity: 1 Registration Cost: 6.95 Shipping Handling: 0.00 The Total Charged: 6.95. Your online receipt is available at: http://www.reg.net/receipt.asp?OrderNum 330038 EMail don.baughman enron.com	Your online receipt is available at: http://www.reg.net/receipt.asp?OrderNum 330038 EMail don.baughman enron.com	If for some reason, you have not received your registration information within 12 hours, please reply to this e-mail so we can assist you.
Could  you please send me that	I was wondering why I wasn t getting any mail.	I was wondering why I wasn t getting any mail.	Could you please send me that stuff through intercompany mail.
Please send personnel you feel would benefit from this training.	If you are interested in attending this training I encourage you to do so.. Please let me know i fyou would like to attend before the training class is held.. Thanks, Hollis. The Training group and SCADA group have compiled a very thorough SCADA Network training program.. Marc Adler and Ed Agner will be giving a trial training Tuesday, April 30, South bldg main conference room 8am - 2pm PDT.. Please plan on attending.. This session will provide the attendee with useful SCADA Network information, as well as refining the Training presentation for site presentation.. Note to cc: distribution.	Note to cc: distribution.	Please send personnel you feel would benefit from this training.
Please send me an e-mail today with your impressions of this candidate so			Please send me an e-mail today with your impressions of this candidate so that I can report back to HR.
Michelle-- when you get a chance, can you please fax to my attention the	Lindy and Michelle--. Thanks for taking the time to meet with me yesterday to discuss DealBench and the IOS process.. I will work with my technical team to schedule a meeting sometime next week with you and Rich Abromowitz.	I will work with my technical team to schedule a meeting sometime next week with you and Rich Abromowitz.	Michelle-- when you get a chance, can you please fax to my attention the screen shots from an IOS auction that contained some of the complexities we discussed yesterday?
Please, confirm receipt of this message and please double check	Thank you Mr. Kaminsky!. I received your first group of grades and will keep track as you work your way through the class to make sure that we don t miss anyone.. - Pam. Pam, The term papers arrived at my Internet mailbox.. I shall be sending you the information as I make progress reading the papers.	I shall be sending you the information as I make progress reading the papers.	First group of students: Helen Demianenko Javier Lamas Lynn Nazareth Shauywn Smith Carlos Wheelock Sarah Woody Grade: A Please, confirm receipt of this message and please double check that all registered students have been graded to make sure no student falls through the cracks .
Please respond to pacstar			Sally Ottoson pacstar mcn.org 02/28/2001 05:05 PM Please respond to pacstar To: jeff.dasovich enron.com cc: Subject: Growing Coastal Grapes
Please change the Capacity price from  1.67 to  1.50.			Please change the Capacity price from 1.67 to 1.50.
Please plan on attending.	I am in the London office this week, so I won t be able to attend.. Happy Hour. Please join us for a CommodityLogic Off-site January 17th at Kenneally s begining at 6:00pm.. We will be welcoming all the new additions to the team and saying farewell to those who have moved off to other projects.	We will be welcoming all the new additions to the team and saying farewell to those who have moved off to other projects.	Please plan on attending.
Could you please take a quick look at this too and let me know if  you have			Mark: Could you please take a quick look at this too and let me know if you have any comments?
call me with them.	good job on getting him.. Jeff. This is hands down, one of the smartest kids to come out of wharton this year and we got him.. Kevin, I know you really liked the guy and I m going to see him on wed at a dinner and see what hes interested in doing, but i m pretty sure its a trading rotation.. please feel free to contact him if you d like.. sarah. Sarah,. Thanks for your email last week.. I wanted to drop you a note that I decided to accept the offer and appreciate all that you and the recruiting team has done for us.. I m looking foward to getting to TX in a few months and getting started.. I do want to speak to you later in the year regarding groups, teams and such, especially regarding your team.. Take care.. Joe Matamoros. I trust you all had a good holiday break and had some time to think about what you want to be doing once this semester is over.. The Penn recruiting team at Enron was very impressed with each one of you and thinks that everyone has the ability to make a large impact at Enron right away.. I just wanted to let you know that we haven t forgotten about you and would love you all to join Enron full-time.	I just wanted to let you know that we haven t forgotten about you and would love you all to join Enron full-time.	I know the offer closes on Jan. 23rd and if anyone has final questions on any topic please feel free to email or call me with them.
process, please call the PEP Help Desk at the following numbers:	NOTE: YOU WILL RECEIVE THIS MESSAGE EACH TIME YOU ARE SELECTED AS A REVIEWER.. You have been selected to participate in the Mid-Year 2000 Performance Management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee s that have been identified for you.. Your feedback plays an important role in the performance management process, and your participation is very critical to the success of Enron s Performance Management goals.. Please provide feedback on the employee s listed below by accessing the Performance Management System PEP and completing an online feedback form as described in the Performance Management Quick Reference Guide .. You may begin your feedback input immediately.. Please have all feedback forms completed by the date noted below.	Please have all feedback forms completed by the date noted below.	If you have any questions regarding PEP or your responsibility in the process, please call the PEP Help Desk at the following numbers:
Trevor - Please forward this request to TEPI for execution.	hello everyone,. Attached are the ENA/TEPI guaranty formats.. Bridgeline Holdings already provides Cinergy Marketing Trading a 15MM guaranty, but ongoing spot market transactions are consistantly above the cap.. Therefore, we have offered to provide a JV gty.. See below e-mails for reference.. Gerald - Please begin the process of having this ENA gty executed.. Both sides should include a 15MM cap.	Both sides should include a 15MM cap.	Trevor - Please forward this request to TEPI for execution.
Call me back when you have time.	I guess you got tied up on some real work.	I guess you got tied up on some real work.	Call me back when you have time.
Please respond to  Clark Mayers   jcmayers earthlink.net			Clark Mayers jcmayers earthlink.net on 11/27/2000 10:03:15 AM Please respond to Clark Mayers jcmayers earthlink.net To: Sean Mayers smmayers earthlink.net , Mike/Christine Richter crich75206 aol.com , Mary Fate maryfate planetkc.com , Kim Mayers/Sprint Kim.Mayers mail.sprint.com , Frank Frederic fpfred juno.com , Darron Giron Darron.C.Giron enron.com , Darnell Moore darnellmo aol.com cc: Subject: Fw: Have you done the Palm Beach Pokey yet?
please pass it on to Colleen  target date...next Monday, March 20th .	Attached is the list of deals that are currently in Sitara for Jan, Feb, and Mar 2000.. I ran a facilitation by location report on the last day of each month.. John, please review this list and ensure it includes all of your citygate production deals.	John, please review this list and ensure it includes all of your citygate production deals.	John once you feel comfortable with this list, please pass it on to Colleen target date...next Monday, March 20th .
information please provide the following information:	fuck you. amfos. Are you behind in bills?. Late on a payment?. Let us help you get out of debt NOW!. If you are interested, we invite you to request free information at the end of this form.. What we can do to help YOU!. Stop harrassment by creditors.. Reduce your principal balance up to 50 Consolidate your debts into one low monthly payment Improve your credit rating Lower your monthly payments by 40 - 60. Things to keep in mind:. There is no need to own property There is no need to own any equity This is not a loan. This is a program that has helped thousands just like YOU!	This is a program that has helped thousands just like YOU!	If you are interested, we invite you to read our free information please provide the following information:
I have a couple of questions of you, when you get a chance, can you give me a call.	Jeanie	Jeanie	I have a couple of questions of you, when you get a chance, can you give me a call.
Give me a call about	Joe,. Attached is the termination revised w/Mary s changes.	Attached is the termination revised w/Mary s changes.	Give me a call about one change.
Davis: please email to steve both the outline and the border presentation.			Davis: please email to steve both the outline and the border presentation.
Recognition  so that one can search on the text in diagrams  please contact	http://livelink.enron.co.uk/LiveLink/LiveLink.exe/150034/M - How to find Meta ls Integrations Project in LiveLink.doc?func doc.Fetch nodeid 150034. We are uploading the contents of S: MG to the folder labelled S MG Dump at the end of each day.	We are uploading the contents of S: MG to the folder labelled S MG Dump at the end of each day.	So to have your information included in this Livelink database simply put the file into S: MG If you have any images which you would like to put through Optical Character Recognition so that one can search on the text in diagrams please contact Camilla Bydal.
Please take time to read the following article:	Last week I reported to our Board of Directors that our highest priority objectives for 2000 are to continue to substantially improve our safety and environmental record throughout this year.. These objectives supersede any and all of our financial objective for 2000.. EOTT 2000 Objectives: Environmental - Reduce reportable spills and leaks by 50 Safety - Reduce lost time accidents by 30. I am pleased to report that our Regional Business Managers, District Managers and their teams are working closely with Operations Governance to ensure that those objectives are met.	I am pleased to report that our Regional Business Managers, District Managers and their teams are working closely with Operations Governance to ensure that those objectives are met.	Please take time to read the following article:
end, please change all references of  Williams  to  ENA.     Please call me			-Origin: STCLAIR-C X-FileName: cstclai.nsf
Please authorize and forward to Tara Sweitzer.	Jeff/Brenda,	Jeff/Brenda,	Please authorize and forward to Tara Sweitzer.
Please buy for ST-CALI	ST-CALI is short 50 mws in NP-15 on Monday on peak.	ST-CALI is short 50 mws in NP-15 on Monday on peak.	Please buy for ST-CALI under their book and sell to the California Imbalance for them.
Also, please edit/clean up this rough draft, and re-transmit it to	here is my first, rough draft contribution to the testimony.. I will be travelling tonight, arriving in Sydney Sunday morning.. I have no idea what time that is in Washington, Steve B., but if you will fax me any questions or comments I will ahve e-mail, too , I will respond ASAP.. Sandra - please send to Stephen Burns my fax number at the Regent hotel in Sydney.	Sandra - please send to Stephen Burns my fax number at the Regent hotel in Sydney.	Also, please edit/clean up this rough draft, and re-transmit it to Stephen, as my draft may be in need of some work.
Please review and comment.	Attached below is my mark-up of NGPL s draft for backstoping its expenses in perfroming preliminary work for a proposed interconnect between NGPL and the Plant.	Attached below is my mark-up of NGPL s draft for backstoping its expenses in perfroming preliminary work for a proposed interconnect between NGPL and the Plant.	Please review and comment.
Please call me if you have	Legal Mark following on from Paul Smith s email attached are the revised GTCs.. I am advised your signoff is required prior to them being loaded into EOL .. Essentially they are the previous HDD and CDD Australian weather swaps GTCs.. Each GTC has been amended slightly so it may be used for a product where the weather observations are derived from a source other than the Australian Bureau of Meteorology.. I have reviewed the GTCs and confirm they are acceptable.. Would you please signify your concurrence by email.. Tax I have seen a response from PWC yesterday that appeared satisfactory.. Perhaps Susan or Heidi can confirm this to Jeff who I understand also needs to give his signoff.. Dale attached are the final product descriptions.	Dale attached are the final product descriptions.	Please call me if you have any questions.
Sheila:  Would you please send an email to Ted?	Darren: Is Prime Trade for ENA or ECT Investments?	Darren: Is Prime Trade for ENA or ECT Investments?	Sheila: Would you please send an email to Ted?
Please provide feedback on the employee s  listed below by accessing the	NOTE: YOU WILL RECEIVE THIS MESSAGE EACH TIME YOU ARE SELECTED AS A REVIEWER.. You have been selected to participate in the Mid-Year 2000 Performance Management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee s that have been identified for you.. Your feedback plays an important role in the performance management process, and your participation is very critical to the success of Enron s Performance Management goals.	Your feedback plays an important role in the performance management process, and your participation is very critical to the success of Enron s Performance Management goals.	Please provide feedback on the employee s listed below by accessing the Performance Management System PEP and completing an online feedback form as described in the Performance Management Quick Reference Guide .
Please collect your thoughts and we we schedule a time to get tehm in.	Form contract plus exhibits, per request. Here s the next to last iteration of the form contract before we christen it officially FORM 2000 - Rev.. 00 ,clean and compared.. John R will need to take this, diddle with it, and use the product PDQ for a couple of crisis applications, but before it becomed and gets advertized as Form 2000 I woanted to collect last comments from you guys and get some fine tuning from our litigation mangers onthe arbitration and dispute resoluton materials, which is to be on my desk by the end of the day.. Because of Johnnie s urgencies, I did not have the chance to pretty up format and section and page numbers, please forgive.. We will get it next time.. You guys also have the un-revised draft exhibits.. I think Rigby was to revise to try and revise them to fit the form - I await the draft exhibits withbaited breath.	I think Rigby was to revise to try and revise them to fit the form - I await the draft exhibits withbaited breath.	Please collect your thoughts and we we schedule a time to get tehm in.
be made, please make the changes above and reply.	Zimin,. Please, take a look at it.. I think we should download the update.. Vince. January 26, 2001. Vince Kaminski Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street 30th Floor, Rm.. 3036B Houston, TX PHONE PHONE . Dear Vince Kaminski,. This is to inform you of the release of ENERGY 2.0.. FTP download instructions are available immediately.. The download instructions are included at the end of this email.. Your CD s and manuals will be shipped to you within 2 weeks.. Please see below for more information regarding this new release.. Please confirm that you are the correct recipient for this shipment and your address above is correct by clicking reply and send.	Please confirm that you are the correct recipient for this shipment and your address above is correct by clicking reply and send.	If any changes need to be made, please make the changes above and reply.
Please confirm that	I just got a delivery failure notice, so I m re-sending.. Legal PHONE Fax Number: PHONE . Please see attached last revision of this Agreement.	Please see attached last revision of this Agreement.	Please confirm that this reflects the changes we agreed upon and if so I will e-mail you a final execution version.
Jeff, can you verify the mdq s in yellow below?			Jeff, can you verify the mdq s in yellow below?
Can you give me your home number?	Elizabeth: Sorry I haven t got back to you sooner.	Elizabeth: Sorry I haven t got back to you sooner.	Can you give me your home number?
with this, please call me.	Attached is a summary of the last two meetings of the External Accountability Subcommittee meetings.. Included is the draft work plan - please review the work plan and convey any comments to Jean and copy me.. Also, you have committed to giving me your stakeholder lists by tomorrow, Friday 3/30 for the Stakeholder Perception survey.	Also, you have committed to giving me your stakeholder lists by tomorrow, Friday 3/30 for the Stakeholder Perception survey.	If you have any questions or difficulties with this, please call me.
please send the emails to our entire group.	All,	All,	When sending emails in regards to cuts or other things that occur in RT, please send the emails to our entire group.
Please respond to makris	Mark Haedicke and I would like to talk to her.. Lauren Prescott sent her resume to Chuck Cheek and she is scheduled to talk to them.. I have left a message with him to find out when Cheryl is going to be in the building.. Please call Twanda Sweet to set up a time PHONE	Please call Twanda Sweet to set up a time PHONE	Elaine Makris makris emrecruiting.com 10/11/2000 12:12 PM Please respond to makris To: richard.b.sanders enron.com cc: Subject: Cheryl Nelson
Can you include me on your distribution list re.	Rick	Rick	Can you include me on your distribution list re.
1   Please verify that the Break Date is 3/28/11.	Ellen:. I ve reviewed WestLB s optional early termination language which is similar to the other s which I ve reviewed e.g., Goldman, Chase, Merrill, etc.. .. Here s how it works for your 3/26/01 - 3/26/21 swap:. 1 March 28, 2011 is the Break Date or Early Termination Date .. 2 Either party can give notice of early termination to the other party on the day that is 5 NY Business Days prior to the Break Date.. By the way, this is also the day on which the parties must mutually agree on 5 leading dealers in the relevant market in case the valuation process in 3 below is later disputed by the other party.. 3 The party giving notice determines in good faith the Cash Settlement Amount as of 11 a.m. NY time on the Break Date which should be the mid-market value of the deal on the Break Date.. 4 Payment will occur on the Break Date.. 5 I am adding a provision requiring the exercising party to notify the other party on the day that is 3 NY Business Days prior to the Break Date.. There may be a dispute over the calculation and the parties will need to resolve.. 6 If the parties cannot agree on the Cash Settlement Amount calculation, then the party who gave notice seeks mid-market quotes from the 5 leading dealers previously agreed to at 11 a.m. on the day that is 2 NY Business Days before the Break Date.. The confirm describes how the quotes are averaged.. A minimum of 3 quotes is essential.. Payment is still made on the Break Date.. George:	George:	1 Please verify that the Break Date is 3/28/11.
David- can you get w/ Sharon Sullo and provide this.			David- can you get w/ Sharon Sullo and provide this.
Please use your	Dear Mike,. This e-mail is automated notification of the availability of your current Natural Gas Intelligence Newsletter s .	This e-mail is automated notification of the availability of your current Natural Gas Intelligence Newsletter s .	Please use your username of mgrigsby and your password to access
Please add Financial and Control group to these book requests if they are missing.			Please add Financial and Control group to these book requests if they are missing.
etc. , please respond to this e-mail ASAP.			I already responded to this.
Can you go to this meeting?	Stinson,	Stinson,	Can you go to this meeting?
Please reserve Thursday, October 19, 2000 from 8:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. to 20	huh?. Employees who attended the ENA sponsored class below and need CPE credit to 20 be added to your transcripts will need to forward their social security 20 numbers to Gracie Presas.	Employees who attended the ENA sponsored class below and need CPE credit to 20 be added to your transcripts will need to forward their social security 20 numbers to Gracie Presas.	3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D Please reserve Thursday, October 19, 2000 from 8:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. to 20 participate in our third annual oil spill training program.
Please call me, if it doesn t make sense.	Edith,. - Substation location: Sayerville - Gas: Transco Zone 6 no additional cost for LDC - Unit contingent call - 97 availability: It should be OK since we can assume 97 during summer time and 90 93 during non-summer time, for example.. Could you get the pricing for following scenario based on above assumption?. Flat and annual capacity payment for 3 and 5 year With 16 hour block and 4 hour block	Flat and annual capacity payment for 3 and 5 year With 16 hour block and 4 hour block	Please call me, if it doesn t make sense.
Please call him at home.			Please call him at home.
Could you give me a call at your convenience?	Hi Nancy,. Lisa Mellencamp s time is being consumed by a special project, so I m working on this PPA.	Lisa Mellencamp s time is being consumed by a special project, so I m working on this PPA.	Could you give me a call at your convenience?
check this out and see what they	Daily Blessing The Cross http://www.daily-blessings.com/cross.htm. Gifts you can give all year round http://www.daily-blessings.com/ch41.htm. I just found a really neat site that I hope you ll all check out.. With the holidays coming up it has a great idea for that person you don t know what to get...but someone you think is the greatest.	With the holidays coming up it has a great idea for that person you don t know what to get...but someone you think is the greatest.	It s called Unsung Hero and I know we all have one of those in our lives.. check this out and see what they have to offer.
Please make sure that Suzanne understands the plan and that you John	Randy, Thanks for the update.. I like your plan.. I like the McKinsey part as well.	I like the McKinsey part as well.	Please make sure that Suzanne understands the plan and that you John and Larry agree on the way forward.
Call me to discuss your interests.	DOMINION Advisory Group, Inc. 12330 West Avenue, Suite 204 San Antonio, Texas 78216. New on the market!. Owner says To Sale !. Great hunting ranch!. Other ranches in Uvalde County available and will be coming on the market next week... We also locate ranches for clients.	We also locate ranches for clients.	Call me to discuss your interests.
To reply to our email administrator directly, please send an	I hope that you had a wonderful Thanksgiving !. FYI-- Judge Stampelos issued an Order consolidating the pending Pompano Beach and Deerfield Beach air permit challenges into a single proceeding, which is scheduled to be heard on Tuesday, January 29th, 2002, through February 1st, 2002.. Under the Order, the pre-hearing stipulation is required to be filed by January 24th.. I will be sending a copy of the Order by facsimile.. Please keep me apprised of the status of the settlement negotiations as they progress.. I will send you a copy of the proposed permit language for the Pompano Beach proceeding upon receipt from Martha Nebelsiek of DEP.. If you have any questions or comments on the foregoing, please contact me.. --Kerri. The information contained in this transmission may contain privileged and confidential information.. It is intended only for the use of the person s named above.. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any review, dissemination, distribution or duplication of this communication is strictly prohibited.. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply email and destroy all copies of the original message.	If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply email and destroy all copies of the original message.	To reply to our email administrator directly, please send an email to postmaster gtlaw.com.
please note and add to my schedule.			please note and add to my schedule.
give me a call when you get a chance	Colin,. I left you a message at your hotel, but will try here as well.	I left you a message at your hotel, but will try here as well.	give me a call when you get a chance
Please make changes and return two original executed agreements.	Mr. McGee,. Per Gerald s request, I am forwarding execution copies of the Electric Line ROW Agreement which incorporates our changes to Mark Knippa for his further handling.. I have also attached a red-line and clean copy of the ROW Agreement for your reference.. Thanks,. Eric Gillaspie PHONE Enron Building 3886. Per your request, please find attached Electric LIne Right-of-Way Easement.	Per your request, please find attached Electric LIne Right-of-Way Easement.	Please make changes and return two original executed agreements.
Please review these changes which are noted in the red-line version	Chris, I have reviewed the contract forwarded by Susan Spalding and have made my suggested changes which are based on the language required by the Credit Group.	Chris, I have reviewed the contract forwarded by Susan Spalding and have made my suggested changes which are based on the language required by the Credit Group.	Please review these changes which are noted in the red-line version that is attached.
Could you send me the document and I ll get the	Tana -- Here it is, finally.	Tana -- Here it is, finally.	Could you send me the document and I ll get the proper signatures.
Could you please confirm this?	Mark Jason,. Karen is referring to slides 2-3 in the presentation in the paragraph in red below.. I don t see any issues with us having the words below at the bottom of each powerpoint slide.	I don t see any issues with us having the words below at the bottom of each powerpoint slide.	Could you please confirm this?
was sent, can you send Savita   I the final	Leslie/Mark, We are going a few months back but I need your help on a question.. Did the draft email below go out to the traders?. Was it sent to NA traders only?. Was another sent to European traders?	Was another sent to European traders?	If it was sent, can you send Savita I the final memo?
Call me when you feel like it and I tell you more.	Sheila, good to hear from you.. The meeting went very well.. although I was very nervous about this one.. Good response from the customers.. We had approximately 80 customers at the meeting.. I think that is a record.	I think that is a record.	Call me when you feel like it and I tell you more.
the more you can swap.   Please have each dozen in a zip-lock type bag.			What s happening on Monday, December 10th?
together, please check out the chapter s web site at	It is time to get together again.. If you have not joined us at this location, you should give it a try.. The food is great and the company cannot be beat!. The address is 5000 Westheimer.. This is the corner of Westheimer and Post Oak the NW corner of the intersection .. It is located below Morton s Steakhouse and valet parking is complementary.	It is located below Morton s Steakhouse and valet parking is complementary.	If you need further directions or have any questions about our get together, please check out the chapter s web site at http://users.netropolis.net/bayoucitytigers/.
Please call me to see if we can agree on the total nom.	Eileen, our Gas Control records indicate the following rate changes for March 26, 2001 flow: 20,000 rate 0900 to 1400 5hrs ; 40,000 rate 1400 to 0100 11hrs Nom.. for the day: 22,500 MMBTU.	for the day: 22,500 MMBTU.	Please call me to see if we can agree on the total nom.
Please advise on how you recommend moving forward.	About a month ago I held a meeting in Houston to bring together the systems, operations, and commercial people who were responsible for designing and building our wholesale and retail systems.. There were probably twenty people there, including Beth Perlman, Anthony Dayao, Beth Appollo, Bob Hall, Leslie Reeves, Lloyd Will, Todd Busby, Greg Woulfe, Rogers Herndon, Murray O Neil, Steve Nat, Jeff Richter, Thresa Allen, Pablo ?, Mark Pickering, Dale Furrow, and many more.. Two of my suspicions were confirmed in this meeting.. First, it was clear that there were a bunch of people working in silos.. Beth s group was just starting to talk to Anthony s group.. The site profile team wasn t on the same page as Richter who wasn t necessarily in sync with Herndon.. EES and ENA and for that matter east ENA and west ENA volume management and RTO settlements people weren t talking to one another.. Second, it was clear that nobody had tried to map out what all of the necessary functions are and how they should fit together.. We tasked Todd Busby, Debra Bailey, and Lloyd Will to spend a month talking to each group and drawing the picture of all of the systems that were being worked on and how they should fit together.. They brought in a couple of people from Accenture to assist with this project.. The powerpoint presentation below documents their findings.. I would encourage you to look at pages 11 through 15 which summarize the issues and recommendations.. Here are the highlights: Power IT and operations remain organizationally divided between Wholesale and Retail Settlements development efforts are not global Create one power IT one operations organization for retail and wholesale power Create power program management team to coordinate business requirements for trading, risk, settlements volume mngt across wholesale and retail desks. Our systems and operations efforts are in chaos right now in terms of getting prepared for the future of wholesale and retail power.. If you think about how decisions and priorities are established you have a half dozen commercial people me, Richter, Presto, Will, Herndon, Woulfe, ... working with a few operations people White, Appollo, Albrecht, O Neil, Hall and a handful of systems people Dayao, Nat, Stock, Perlman to come up with a plan.. It just isn t working.. We need a structure and we need it fast.. Chaos is expensive and ineffective.. Here s what I want: One Operations Person Responsible for Wholesale and Retail Power One Systems Person Responsible for Wholesale and Retail Power One Commercial Person Responsible for Overseeing All Wholesale and Retail Power Systems Development One Project Manager Working for the Commercial Person to Coordinate and Run Herd Over These Efforts.. There are a number of variants of what I want that could work.. We need to get this thing figured out ASAP.	We need to get this thing figured out ASAP.	Please advise on how you recommend moving forward.
Please, see the sheet Allocations.	Becky,. I am sending you two spreadsheets.. Headcount gives the allocations by major business units.	Headcount gives the allocations by major business units.	Please, see the sheet Allocations.
Please get it signed and the final distributed to us before April 30th.	Pete,. Finance has requested these changes:. Notices to ENA as agent for E-Next.. Signature block should be for E-Next Generation, acting through its agent, Enron North America.. E Next will not be signing, as ENA will sign on its behalf.. Or, ENA, as agent for.... Thanks,. Kay. Peter, from what I can see, the GE E NExt B/O rev 4 doc appears to be ok.. Scope, , and LDs	Scope, , and LDs	Please get it signed and the final distributed to us before April 30th.
Accordingly, if you have not already done so, please forward	Owners of Generation Within the State of California: On February 8, 2001, the Honorable Gray Davis, Governor of the State of California, issued Executive Order D-23-01.. For your reference, an Internet link to a copy of D-23-01 can be found on the California Independent System Operator ISO homepage www.caiso.com http://www.caiso.com .. In that Executive Order, the ISO is directed to require generators to submit their outage schedules to the ISO.. With those schedules, the ISO is charged with preparing a coordinated generator outage plan, and updating it quarterly.. At the Stakeholder Meeting co-hosted by the ISO and the Electricity Oversight Board on March 1, 2001, stakeholders expressed great interest in the process which would ultimately be used by the ISO to meet the needs of Executive Order D-23-01.. As we receive input from stakeholders on their concerns in developing the outage coordination process relative to D-23-01, we will address those concerns and share the formal outage coordination procedure when it is available.. Meanwhile, it is critical to gather outage information to: 1. meet the immediate needs of D-23-01 while more extensive procedures are being developed for the ultimate coordination process; 2. gain a better understanding of the potential scope of the coordinated plan as described in D-23-01; and 3. offer to the EOB as soon in the development process as possible a work-in-progress for their comment relative to meeting the needs of D-23-01.	Meanwhile, it is critical to gather outage information to: 1. meet the immediate needs of D-23-01 while more extensive procedures are being developed for the ultimate coordination process; 2. gain a better understanding of the potential scope of the coordinated plan as described in D-23-01; and 3. offer to the EOB as soon in the development process as possible a work-in-progress for their comment relative to meeting the needs of D-23-01.	Accordingly, if you have not already done so, please forward your existing generator outage plans to the ISO by April 1, 2001.
Please look over and let me know your thoughts.	Susan -. Attached are drafts and clean versions of the Password Application and the Guest Password Application.. As you will note, the Guest Password Application indicates that a Guest ESA will be applicable on the site.. This is where language regarding what the Guest will be seeing and capable of doing on the site will be contained.	This is where language regarding what the Guest will be seeing and capable of doing on the site will be contained.	Please look over and let me know your thoughts.
Please call me at  713  221-1131 with your questions or	Here are my observations:. I m not certain that an Enron entity will provide a performance guaranty.. I agree that the commercial deal is that a portion of the fee will be at risk for a performance problem.. Is the reference to the State a reference to the DPUC or CRRA?. As far as I know, the CRRA deal is still in the works, with nothing but a confidentiality agreement with an exclusivity provision signed, and in my opinion should not be presented as being a done deal.. Kay. Attached is a clean and redline version of talking points for today s teleconference.	Attached is a clean and redline version of talking points for today s teleconference.	Please call me at PHONE with your questions or comments.
Please verify spelling of	In connection with the upgrading of these old ERMS masters, I have limited information which Jeff Nogid X34782 will verify.	In connection with the upgrading of these old ERMS masters, I have limited information which Jeff Nogid X34782 will verify.	Please verify spelling of names, addresses, etc.
Please have someone look at the following, including my request at the bottom.			Dennis, Please have someone look at the following, including my request at the bottom.
Please do provide comments regarding simplified label names.	Tom/Kevin,. In the development of the 1.5 MW WTG Statistical Process Control SPC reporting tool we have some additional questions regarding the data which comes to us from VisuPro.. In the attached spreadsheet you will find a listing of most of the channels which VisuPro uses to record data.. With some exceptions, each channel should correspond to a transducer on the turbine.. The channel name and number can be found in the left columns as they are presented in VisuPro.. The Alias column is my attempt to better understand the channel and put a more meaningful label on the channel for presentation to the field personnel.. Wherever there is a blank it means that I do not have a good explanation of the channel and need more information.. You can ignore the grey shading.. It is just an indicator as to whether the particular channel is currently included in the existing version of our SPC analytic.. The more interesting column is the Include column which is our future plan regarding inclusion of the particular channel in the next revision of the analytic.	The more interesting column is the Include column which is our future plan regarding inclusion of the particular channel in the next revision of the analytic.	Please do provide comments regarding simplified label names.
been set up, then please create the deal.	Done.. New Deal 151857.. Could you please correct the deal below.. Whenever you book a deal with PG E we have to be careful as to which one.. DO NOT assume that is will be PG E Energy Trading-Gas Corp. More times than not, it is PG E Texas Industrial for Texas.. Thanks!. !. Julie. Forwarded by Julie Meyers/HOU/ECT on 01/18/2000 02:27 PM. I remember that we discussed this issue once before, and you may have set the deal up already.. If so, just e-mail the details to me.	If so, just e-mail the details to me.	If the deal has not been set up, then please create the deal.
Would you print off enough colour copies for the Houston attendees?	Sharron,. Please find attached the presentation for the meeting on Helsinki with Joe Sutton at 8.30am there have been some minor changes from earlier versions .	Please find attached the presentation for the meeting on Helsinki with Joe Sutton at 8.30am there have been some minor changes from earlier versions .	Would you print off enough colour copies for the Houston attendees?
Please direct any responses to my paralegal, Tana Jones, via intercompany	Mark,. I do not understand this.. Please explain.. Elliot Fullwood,. Enron Europe Finance and Trading Ltd. Tel: 44 0 PHONE 40 Grosvenor Place Direct: 20 44 0 PHONE LONDON 20 Fax: 44 0 PHONE SW1X 7EN. We are in the process of preparing applications for position limit exemptio ns 20 for ENA 01,s NYMEX energy commodities futures trading.. These applications 20 require that ENA represent whether its officers, employees, owners, or agen ts 20 have a power of attorney, control or have a financial interest in any other 20 related commodity future s account either individually or acting with 20 another person pursuant to express or implied agreement.	These applications 20 require that ENA represent whether its officers, employees, owners, or agen ts 20 have a power of attorney, control or have a financial interest in any other 20 related commodity future s account either individually or acting with 20 another person pursuant to express or implied agreement.	Please direct any responses to my paralegal, Tana Jones, via intercompany 20 email or call her at PHONE by the end of business Friday, June 30, 20 2000 if you have any power of attorney, control or have a financial interes t 20 in any commodity futures account other than an ENA or other trading 20 affiliate account .
Please call me for further  background.	Please respond to kevinscott Jeff and Steve As you requested, I have prepared a list of my preferred public policy contacts for California.. It is composed of professionals from an array of public, private and non-profit backgrounds.. I have worked in some capacity with each of these people and most I know quite well.	I have worked in some capacity with each of these people and most I know quite well.	Please call me for further background.
If the link above isn t active, please enter or copy the following address into your web browser:	Dear Frank Ermis,. We would like to invite you to participate in a paid 75.00 online survey for the Councils of Advisors.. This survey consists of 12 questions and should take approximately 15 minutes to complete.. Click Here https://www.thecouncils.com/surveys/welcome.asp?pid 19938CP335 to participate or learn more about this survey.. Here is some more information:. Survey Title: Energy Trading Industry Dynamics Compensation: 75.00 Number of Questions: 12 Description: This is a survey of North American electricity and natural gas traders to determine how North American trading volumes have been affected by Enron s credit downgrades and potential liquidity problems.. Please do not take this survey if you are not a North American energy trader.. This survey is independent and was not commissioned by any company other than the Gerson Lehrman Group.. All responses will remain anonymous.. This survey will close when the required number of participants have responded.. Invitations to future surveys will be based partly on the completeness of your responses.	Invitations to future surveys will be based partly on the completeness of your responses.	If the link above isn t active, please enter or copy the following address into your web browser: https://www.thecouncils.com/surveys/welcome.asp?pid 19938CP335 Please reply to this message with any feedback, comments, questions or trouble regarding this email message or the survey it references.
Give me a call when you get a	I cannot approve any more old counterparties until Frank gets me that list show show what the counterparties said they wanted to trade when they sent in their password application.. Tana-. We have a few counterparties that have been in the work queue for a while.. When you get a chance, would you mind taking a look at the counterparties listed below:. Cascades Inc. Capital Paper Recycling, Inc. Storm Mountain Publishing Company Jeffrey Acquisition Group Nippon Paper Industries Co., Ltd. NLK Consultants Inc. Plateau Forest Products, Inc. Southwest Paper Stock Inc.. We also need to get together and go through the work queue again for a few old counterparties I still see on the list.	We also need to get together and go through the work queue again for a few old counterparties I still see on the list.	Give me a call when you get a chance and we can run through that.
Please delete the duplicate	I think I inadvertently registered twice.	I think I inadvertently registered twice.	Please delete the duplicate registration.
In accordance with our monthly power testing, please provide the deal ticket	Stacey,	Stacey,	In accordance with our monthly power testing, please provide the deal ticket and the confirmation for the following deals:
Please copy Kim and me on your email.	Debra Dan -. Attached is a worksheet for a new Master Physical, with Hanover Compressor Company.. Kim Ward ext 30685 can provide you with the name/email address of the contact at Hanover.. Please prepare a draft and send out at your earliest convenience.	Please prepare a draft and send out at your earliest convenience.	Please copy Kim and me on your email.
Please call the above no. at 4PM UK Time, 10AM US Time.			Sally may want to goto this as Rick Causey Rick Buy are invited.
PLEASE CONFIRM THIS .	You are correct.. The top 3 contracts were released to CES and the bottom one is released to ENA.. I will execute all of them and re-release the CES s contracts to ENA.. Everything looks fine with one exception.. The contract at the bottom K 61825 should have already been in ENA s name starting Nov-00 through Oct-2001.	The contract at the bottom K 61825 should have already been in ENA s name starting Nov-00 through Oct-2001.	PLEASE CONFIRM THIS .
can you please ch the time to 2:00 p.m. not 2:00 a.m. for the exercise time.			deal 597086 can you please ch the time to 2:00 p.m. not 2:00 a.m. for the exercise time.
Maureen - please schedule.	Yes.	Yes.	Maureen - please schedule.
Please pass the kudos	Great job, as usual, on the United Way kick off today.. I saw Amy Leeand Eylesse Kalmans as I left the Hyatt and I told them.	I saw Amy Leeand Eylesse Kalmans as I left the Hyatt and I told them.	Please pass the kudos along to the rest of your team.
Please confirm your availability with a response and don t hesitate to call	The first annual Global Conference will be held at the Rice Hotel in downtown Houston on June 15th and June 16th.. The theme of the conference is Foundations of One Enron .. A review of Global Data Management s role in the development and support of central information regarding Enron s customers and relationships and plans for expanding that role will be discussed.. Many topics will re-inforce worldwide initiatives, communication between business units, and learning to leverage knowledge and expertise from multiple sources.. There will also be a special workshop session on multi-cultural awareness to prepare our teams for working in a global environment.. We would like to feature you as a distinguished speaker, so you may share your experiences with implementing a revolutionary e-business strategy on a worldwide basis.. Any information you may impart as to future initiatives and challenges would also be very interesting.. I would be pleased to have you speak on Friday, June 16 at 11am.. You are welcome to stay for lunch.. We are also hoping to secure Joe Sutton as a speaker on Friday immediately following lunch.. Perhaps you would care to remain for that event as well.	Perhaps you would care to remain for that event as well.	Please confirm your availability with a response and don t hesitate to call me at x3-6079 should you have any questions.
Please restore the below referenced file as requested.			Please restore the below referenced file as requested.
Please review and set up a meeting with me to establish a plan for this			Please review and set up a meeting with me to establish a plan for this committee.
participateBREAKthey quite respectfully call me and eMail me very			-Origin: Whalley-L X-FileName: gwhalley.nsf
deal, please make sure that your audience  traders, myself, etc.  knows that			-Origin: Farmer-D X-FileName: dfarmer.nsf
Can you check with Matt.	Matt Motley deal 531788 Prebon shows expiration as 9/25 at 2:00 p.m. Enpower has 9/24 at 2:00 p.m.	Matt Motley deal 531788 Prebon shows expiration as 9/25 at 2:00 p.m. Enpower has 9/24 at 2:00 p.m.	Can you check with Matt.
either give me a call later or email me back w/ your thoughts...	so...talked to emily last night and here s the deal.... she left sometime this morning to go to round top for a big antiques fair and will be spending the night in NB tonight..... no one has talked to katy as of yet to see if she s going to austin this weekend or not...... emily talked to matt and he said he was out for doing anything this weekend, but that next weekend would be good...and i think one of emily s pledge sisters and her boyfriend/his friends may try to meet emily in NB next weekend....so it looks like next weekend in NB is a definite gathering..... as for this weekend....depending on work today, which will suck, i may try to drive to NB tonight and spend the night there...i have a feeling i m going to be relegated to LOTS of family time on saturday and sunday in austin b/c tons of family/friends are coming to the game this weekend and want to spend time with chris and chuck....therefore, if you want to go to NB as well tonight we could certainly ride up together but i d check w/ emily about a ride back to h-town b/c there s no telling when i ll get out of there on sunday....	as for this weekend....depending on work today, which will suck, i may try to drive to NB tonight and spend the night there...i have a feeling i m going to be relegated to LOTS of family time on saturday and sunday in austin b/c tons of family/friends are coming to the game this weekend and want to spend time with chris and chuck....therefore, if you want to go to NB as well tonight we could certainly ride up together but i d check w/ emily about a ride back to h-town b/c there s no telling when i ll get out of there on sunday....	either give me a call later or email me back w/ your thoughts...
interested please send MS Word .doc resume to	Dear Alumni,. Please see opportunity for SBU Quality of Operations Services Manager with Rain Bird in Tucson, AZ.	Please see opportunity for SBU Quality of Operations Services Manager with Rain Bird in Tucson, AZ.	If interested please send MS Word .doc resume to Melanie Hamon: mh rainbird.com.
Also, please print the attachment and fax it to	They can t open the attachment.. Is there a way to save it in an earlier version of Word and resend?	Is there a way to save it in an earlier version of Word and resend?	Also, please print the attachment and fax it to Mike Colo, PHONE .
Richfield Co.   Can you give me contact names and phone numbers so that i can	Hi Kate!. I can t find any contact info.. in GCP for these counterparties California Dept.. of Water Resources, Metro.. Water Dist.	Water Dist.	of Southern Cal., and Atlantic Richfield Co. Can you give me contact names and phone numbers so that i can get a verbal confirm on these deals?
Please take a look at him and let me know if you have any	please print. The attached resume is for an employee, in Enron South America, which is being redeployed.	The attached resume is for an employee, in Enron South America, which is being redeployed.	Please take a look at him and let me know if you have any interest in discussing opportunities in your area.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Peter Streicher 813 Tompkins Drive Madison, WI 53716 petes sonicfoundry.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
department as of October 1st, please provide us with your new information and	As you may be aware, the Year-End PRC for 2000 is quickly approaching and your assistance is needed in ensuring a smooth process.. It is imperative that you supply your correct reviewing supervisor so you are represented properly during reviews.. Additionally, the Performance Management team requires this information to facilitate the PRC process.. The reviewing supervisor that you report to as of October 1, 2000 is the person that will provide your year-end individual performance feedback.. The information stored in our database regarding your current rotation is listed below.. Please review all information and make any updates to the right of what was sent, preferably in a different font or color.. The supervisor listed below is also receiving this information for review.. In order to meet the Performance Management Team s deadline, your reply is needed by Friday, September 22, 2000.. Please respond even if the information is correct and no adjustments are necessary.	Please respond even if the information is correct and no adjustments are necessary.	If you will be in a different department as of October 1st, please provide us with your new information and reviewing supervisor.
Kim make sure you brief me about this on Monday,			Kim make sure you brief me about this on Monday,
base of the contract   Could you please send a draft of the confirmation to	Dan and Jeff,. Ormet would like to finalize this transaction by the end of this week Friday, Nov 17 .. Could you please make every effort to get with Amy Baird to resolve those two legal issues from her Oct 13th memo items 3 4 .. Regarding Item 2 we agreed to a 1mm cap for the entire contract term.. Also, the contract does not address any of the pricing terms of the deal.	Also, the contract does not address any of the pricing terms of the deal.	I m assuming that this would be covered in the confirmation rather than the base of the contract Could you please send a draft of the confirmation to Mike Cesario by tomorrow morning.
ould you please advise me of the right Enron person.	Yes it is, and we will try Rick.. However, I assumed this was part of Op-Co or an ENA asset in your world.. I think Rick is doing power terminated boo k recovery.. 20. Original Message. I know nothing about any Enron relationship with Lonestar.. Is this possibl y related to the Cornhusker plant in Cleburne?. If so, Rick Hill is the con tact.. Original Message. I do not know which, if any, of you guys is the right one to note this, but I wanted to forward for the appropriate person s attention.	I do not know which, if any, of you guys is the right one to note this, but I wanted to forward for the appropriate person s attention.	If not you, c ould you please advise me of the right Enron person.
Please put me on the payroll list w/ the other  Hourly guys that had to work on the Company holiday.	Kevin asked that one scheduler work on Monday to field any scheduling questions that might come up.. I was the lucky candidate.	I was the lucky candidate.	Please put me on the payroll list w/ the other Hourly guys that had to work on the Company holiday.
Would you please give me your bid for these volumes at GGT Appalchia.	Please find enclosed a sheet that details volume by month at CGT App.. Would you please indicate the bid for Nymex, Basis and Index.. Please call me if you need further information.. Thanks,. Sanjeev x33849. Please find enclosed the varying volumes by month for the Blake and Belden deal.	Please find enclosed the varying volumes by month for the Blake and Belden deal.	Would you please give me your bid for these volumes at GGT Appalchia.
You risk nothing by enrolling now, review the plan in the comfort of your home for a full 30 days, make an appointment and use the plan.	For The Week of Tuesday, November 20, 2001 50 of Americans live without a proper Dental Plan.. Even if you already have some form of dental insurance, you need to consider CAREINGTON MULTI-CARE This health plan SAVES YOU MONEY on your out-of-pocket health care costs whether or not you have insurance.. And, it can SAVE YOU MONEY on care not covered by your insurance.. ENROLL TODAY for 2,000 in Air and Cruise Discounts -free!. 30 Day Money-Back Guarantee. Dental Plan Savings Up to 70 Pre-Existing Conditions Included Cosmetic Procedures Included Prescription Plan Up to 13 off brand prescription drugs Up to 50 off generic drugs Mail-Order Program for maintenance drugs Discounts on vitamins and over-the counter drugs Vision Plan Savings Up to 50 on eyewear Lasik Surgery Included Contact Lenses Included Eye Exams Included Chiropractic Care Up to 50 Savings Hearing Aids Free Exams 15 discounts. NO BENEFIT LIMITS. PRE-EXISTING CONDITIONS ACCEPTED NO CLAIM FORMS -- NO WAITING PERIOD. The individual rate of 14.49 per month covers all Five benefits for you AND your family.. Plus, save an extra 25 when you purchase an annual membership for only 129-A VALUE OF THREE MONTHS FREE!. Enroll before November 25, 2001 and receive certificates worth up to 2,000 in Air and Cruise Discounts, good through 2003, absolutely FREE .. GUARANTEED ACCEPTANCE 30 Day Money-Back Guarantee FREE - 2,000 in Air and Cruise Discounts	GUARANTEED ACCEPTANCE 30 Day Money-Back Guarantee FREE - 2,000 in Air and Cruise Discounts	You risk nothing by enrolling now, review the plan in the comfort of your home for a full 30 days, make an appointment and use the plan.
page, make a list, and send it via e-mail to Andy Zabriskie, Accounts Payable	VISIT OUR INFORMATION WEB SITE AT http://xmsap.enron.com, to enter a contest to win two tickets on Continental Airlines compliments of. TRAVEL AGENCY IN THE PARK	TRAVEL AGENCY IN THE PARK	Simply logon to the site, find the names of the five icons on the xmsap web page, make a list, and send it via e-mail to Andy Zabriskie, Accounts Payable Manager.
Can you please furnish me with your full postal  address so that I can send	Andreas:. Here it is:. Vincent Kaminski Managing Director - Research Enron Corp. 1400 Smith Street Room EB1962 Houston, TX PHONE . Phone: PHONE Fax : PHONE E-mail: vkamins enron.com. Vince. Dear GARP Speak ?. I am writing to request some information regarding the GARP 2001 Convention.. ?	?	Can you please furnish me with your full postal address so that I can send you a copy of the GARP brochure in the near future.
Please read the attached.			Please read the attached.
r other tips and tricks, check out The Little Palm Book  by Corbin Collins.	IMAGE 09 IMAGE 09 IMAGE 09 IMAGE 09 IMAGE 09 IMAGE 09 IMAGE 09 IMAG E 09 IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE Tips Tricks IMAGE I MAGE IMAGE Palm in the News IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE Palm Store Specia ls IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE Insider Scoop IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE User S tories IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE Top Solutions IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE 09 IMAGE 09 09 09 09 09 09 IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMA GE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE Palm Store IMAGE IMAGE Volume 3 Tuesday November 20, 2001 Dear Chris, This issue is a horn of plenty... of Palm that is.. You ll find info about Scribble s Chameleon Hard Case and Documents To Go , a terrific Palm Store Special to kick off your holiday shopping, and a d uo of user stories.. Fall is here and that means Fall Comdex.. Palm will be there in full regalia.. Drop by our booth to purchase the latest Palm?. h andhelds and accessories at the Palm Store.. Buy them on site or online at the show!. Still haven t signed up for InSync Online?. With InSync Online you get to pick the info Palm sends you.. It only takes a few minutes to create your personal profile.. Sign up now ?The Palm Inc. Te am IMAGE 09 09 09 09 09 09 09 09 IMAGE 09 09 09 IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE Ready, set, restor e: After a hard reset, you want the info on your desktop PC to overwrite i nfo on your Palm?. handheld.. To restore info to your blank handheld: Cli ck on the HotSync pull-down menu within your Palm Desktop Software Select Custom Click Change Select desktop overwrites han dheld within the HotSync Change Action box.. Click OK, then click Done.	Click OK, then click Done.	Fo r other tips and tricks, check out The Little Palm Book by Corbin Collins.
PS  Please respond to Virginia on this, whether you did the deal or not.	Guys,. Puget is claiming that we did a real-time deal with their trader, Lisa, on October 17 HE 20.. The terms are 20MW purchased from Puget at a rate of 115.. We cannot find anything in the Inc or Services sheet, and nothing is in EnPower.. Please look in your trade books for this deal to confirm.. I will get more information from Puget if I can, but so far, that s all I know.. Thanks,. Caroline	Caroline	PS Please respond to Virginia on this, whether you did the deal or not.
Please RSVP to Constance Charles at 3-5614 or by email no later than	Shirley,. I already have lunch with Steve.. Please, decline.. Vince. Vince,. The Associate Analyst Programs are conducting Focus Group Sessions to gather feedback regarding the Mid-Year 2000 PRC Process.. You have been randomly identified as a participant in the Supervisors session.. Organizational Development Consultants from Corporate Human Resources will facilitate the sessions.. We encourage your participation and welcome your feedback as we prepare for the year-end performance assessment process.. The logistics are as follows:. Friday, September 8, 2000 11:00am - 12:30pm Location - EB32C2	Friday, September 8, 2000 11:00am - 12:30pm Location - EB32C2	Please RSVP to Constance Charles at 3-5614 or by email no later than Wednesday, September 6th at 12:00 noon.
TK - Could you please enter the discounted rate into CBS for PNM s new FT   27606 beginning 10/01/01?			TK - Could you please enter the discounted rate into CBS for PNM s new FT 27606 beginning 10/01/01?
In anticipation of the imminent closing of the UBSW Energy transaction, please have all outstanding employee expenses in your possession filed through Enron s XMS system as soon as possible.			In anticipation of the imminent closing of the UBSW Energy transaction, please have all outstanding employee expenses in your possession filed through Enron s XMS system as soon as possible.
work to stand in the Enron lobby  or send my secretary to do it for me .			Oh wait, I can t go to the ball game because I couldn t take a day off from work to stand in the Enron lobby or send my secretary to do it for me .
Please call and lets discuss.	David , if this is going to cause you political flack with Mary Joyce lets just kill it - we have revised the original plan and this is probably not needed.. Regards Delainey. David,. I need more information on the project and who exactly the individuals are who you feel should participate in this program.. Generally, developers and deal people throughout the company are not provided with additional incentive since this type of work is part of their job.. However, this project may be an exception.	However, this project may be an exception.	Please call and lets discuss.
Please arrange to pick up your packet by 5:00 p.m.	Team Roster If you know of any Enron employee running the race this Sunday, please send me their name and age.. Thanks!. Enron s 20K Team Roster Christina Albers Sean Maki Jim Saunders Reyna Cabrera Travis MCCullough Doug Schroeder Joel Chua Michael Morrison Susan Scott Gavin Dillingham Jeanette Nickell Vikram Singh Julie Flahaven Cynthia Pearse Robert Stalford Tim Flahaven Marc Phillips Jennifer Stewart Danny Foster Becky Pitre Laura Vargas Marc Hensel Everett Plante Michelle Waldhauser Elizabeth Hutchinson Kristin Quinn Nicole White Deborah Kelly Gari Ramirez Karl Klicker Cindy Richardson Bryan Lari David Roland Brad Lawson Monique Sanchez. Enron s Relay Team Roster Open Men s Justin Chaston Ricky Rivera Open Mixed Wade Koteras Pam Weikel Master s Mixed Catalina Ayala-Nelson Blake Walker. Champion Chip Pick up It is IMPORTANT that a chip be worn by all Enron runners and relayers.. Chips may be picked up between 5:30 - 6:45 a.m. near the Start line.. Relay runners will receive one ankle chip strap.. Packet Pick Up If you registered through the ERC, packets will be available at Cindy Richardson s office, EB4845 on Friday morning.	Packet Pick Up If you registered through the ERC, packets will be available at Cindy Richardson s office, EB4845 on Friday morning.	Please arrange to pick up your packet by 5:00 p.m.
Please also confirm the following.	Michele,. As we discussed, please address the two issues that Mike discussed in the TC regarding ICAP and ancillaries.	As we discussed, please address the two issues that Mike discussed in the TC regarding ICAP and ancillaries.	Please also confirm the following.
CAn you give me some more details?	I have a friend who is possibly interested in the trading positions that we have open, but I wanted to find out exactly what types of trading positions they are.	I have a friend who is possibly interested in the trading positions that we have open, but I wanted to find out exactly what types of trading positions they are.	CAn you give me some more details?
Could you answer me BEFORE	Dear Vince, I would be delighted if you agreed to share with me a one-day workshop before a major ICBI conference in Berlin,on June 19.The topics would be similar;we may add real options.	Dear Vince, I would be delighted if you agreed to share with me a one-day workshop before a major ICBI conference in Berlin,on June 19.The topics would be similar;we may add real options.	Could you answer me BEFORE Tuesday?
Can you verify   let me know ASAP on Monday if these points below should be displacement points or not.	In checking contract data on Sunday after we implemented, we have come across several delivery points that are in the old CBS system they appear to be valid on pools and interruptible contracts.. I know when we got together on our displacement list for the new system, these points did not come up from anyone as valid displacement points, so the new system does not have these points identified as displacement.	I know when we got together on our displacement list for the new system, these points did not come up from anyone as valid displacement points, so the new system does not have these points identified as displacement.	Can you verify let me know ASAP on Monday if these points below should be displacement points or not.
Please make every	Michael and Deepak: Michael Moulton the ENA paper and pulp trader is extremely interested in SITA updates as often as possible.	Michael and Deepak: Michael Moulton the ENA paper and pulp trader is extremely interested in SITA updates as often as possible.	Please make every effort to email Michael with updates at least weekly.
Could you also please forward this email on to Ted.			Could you also please forward this email on to Ted.
Jason - if you have time, would you please take a look at this?			Jason - if you have time, would you please take a look at this?
Please send regrets			Please send regrets
Please get me up to speed.	Have you guys met/discussed this with Michele?	Have you guys met/discussed this with Michele?	Please get me up to speed.
Please print the attachment below for me in color.			Please print the attachment below for me in color.
pls print w/email.			pls print w/email.
Please congratulate her with me and come admire her gift!	Diane has passed her 5 year mark with the company, and as such is entitled to all the rights and priviledges of a veteran.	Diane has passed her 5 year mark with the company, and as such is entitled to all the rights and priviledges of a veteran.	Please congratulate her with me and come admire her gift!
Can you have Mike Swerzbin check this with Amerex.			Can you have Mike Swerzbin check this with Amerex.
I need your help with the PG E credit exposure diligence described in Travis	Stephanie, I have the copy of the contract so don t worry about that.. Do you know of any other deals with PGT we currently hold?. Becky, You knowledge of any other PGT deals we have along with the tariff provisions would be appreciated.. I am trying to prepare a brief for Travis by late tommorrow.. Thanks.. Stephanie and Becky,	Stephanie and Becky,	I need your help with the PG E credit exposure diligence described in Travis McCullough s e:mail set forth below.
done in the state of Delaware, so please send the signature pages to Jose	Please send executed signature pages to: Karl Wiemer Milbank, Tweed, Hadley McCloy LLP 1 Chase Manhattan Plaza New York, NY PHONE	Please send executed signature pages to: Karl Wiemer Milbank, Tweed, Hadley McCloy LLP 1 Chase Manhattan Plaza New York, NY PHONE	Wilmington Trust will sign for E-Next Generation LLC, however, this must be done in the state of Delaware, so please send the signature pages to Jose Mercado.
please give him a courtesy call.	Hi Philippe -. Ken asked me to request that you call the above referenced gentleman.. He was referred by a friend of Ken s. He wants to see if his oil on-line business is a fit for us.	He was referred by a friend of Ken s. He wants to see if his oil on-line business is a fit for us.	Ken said he has no idea whether it will work or not, but please give him a courtesy call.
Please bring your Lexis-Nexis login ID and password.	eSource Presents Lexis-Nexis Training. Basics Lexis-Nexis Basics is geared to the novice or prospective user.. You will learn the basics of getting around Nexis.com.. We will talk about news and company information available on Lexis-Nexis.. Legal and Regulatory Information for the Non-Legal User Explore the legal and regulatory sources on Lexis-Nexis as a business professional would use them.. Content includes regulations, agency decisions, and legislative materials such as bill tracking.. This is not a course for a primarily legal user, but for business professionals who need legal information.. Attend our Lexis-Nexis Topical Clinic:. Seats fill up fast!. To reserve a seat, please call Stephanie E. Taylor at 5-7928. The Cost is 25.00 Per Person No Shows will be charged 50.00	The Cost is 25.00 Per Person No Shows will be charged 50.00	Please bring your Lexis-Nexis login ID and password.
from 11:30 a.m to 1:00 p.m. and check out the	Nutcracker Tickets Fabulous seats for the final Nutcracker full dress rehearsal - including Founders Box seats - are available for Wednesday, November 22, 7:30 p.m. at the Wortham Theater.. Supply is limited, so buy your ticket soon for a first peak at the highlight of the holiday performance season.. Tickets are only 10!. They re first come first serve and are available in EB 407.. Free Popcorn at Bring a book to the movies and get free popcorn!. Enron s Prescription for Reading Book Drive is on Saturday, the Movies!. November 25, noon to 4:00 p.m. Bring a new or gently used children s book to one of the following Cinemark Theaters on November 25.. With your gift, you will receive a small popcorn to enjoy during the release of Disney s 102 Dalmatians, or any other great movie!. Cinemark 24 Westchase - 3600 Sam Houston Parkway Cinemark 16 - 12920 Northwest Freeway Cinemark 16 - Pasadena Cinemark 18 - 20915 Gulf Freeway. Enron s Prescription for Reading program, a Reach Out Read program, is an early literacy intervention program that is implemented in pediatric healthcare clinics and targets children between the ages of 6 months and 5 years during their well-baby check-ups at UT-Houston facilities.. Big E Cafe - Don t be a Grinch this Holiday Season!. Help spread the Holiday Cheer and give your time and effort back to December 1 the community.	Help spread the Holiday Cheer and give your time and effort back to December 1 the community.	Come out to the Big E Cafe on Friday, December 1 from 11:30 a.m to 1:00 p.m. and check out the opportunities to sign up for community volunteer projects.
Please change the demand charge for deal 157278 for 2/00 to  1,247.90.			Daren: Please change the demand charge for deal 157278 for 2/00 to 1,247.90.
Can you help explain how the data in the attached file matches the detailed budgets and current estimates you have provided to me?			Can you help explain how the data in the attached file matches the detailed budgets and current estimates you have provided to me?
Please edit it to your liking and pass it back to me.	Vince,. Attached you will find a draft thought document based on our conversations yesterday.. I think that it captures much of my recollections.	I think that it captures much of my recollections.	Please edit it to your liking and pass it back to me.
Please,  put a regular Enron NA meeeting on Mondays at 9:30	Shirley,	Shirley,	Please, put a regular Enron NA meeeting on Mondays at 9:30 to 11:00.
Chris, could you	We had our daily phone call with NW.. I don t know that we really have significant points of disagreement.. They understand that we are working some accounting issues, and they have a general idea of what we want to do.. I suggested that we come up with the work arounds with our accountants, and I will think about it this weekend.. I have a couple of ideas but I really want to mull it over.. They look forward to receiving the turbine contract.	They look forward to receiving the turbine contract.	Chris, could you forward the draft change orders with it?
Make sure you pick Hourly non-firm.	Hey Guys.. We have a new way to export from NP15 up to the Northwest.. Cascade is a tie between CISO and PAC SYSTEM on the California Oregon border.. There is currently 30MW Non-Firm Hourly transmission available on the tie.. The capacity constraint is on the PacifiCorp side of the tie, and you can find the real number available on the PAC oasis site.. Check under TRANSMISSION REQUESTS/ Offerings.. The path name you need to check is W/PPW/CRAG-PACW//.	The path name you need to check is W/PPW/CRAG-PACW//.	Make sure you pick Hourly non-firm.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Corrina Christensen 6320 Brookeview Court Chesapeake Beach, MD 20732 cchristensen bctgm.org. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please contact the ISC Call Center at  713  345-4727.	Please do not reply to this e-mail.. You are receiving this message because you have an unresolved invoice in your iBuyit Payables in-box that is past due.. Please login to iBuyit Payables and resolve this invoice as soon as possible.. To launch iBuyit Payables, click on the link below: http://iBuyitPayables.enron.com Note: Your iBuyit Payables User ID and Password are your eHRonline/SAP Personnel ID and Password.. First time iBuyit Payables user?. For training materials, click on the link below: http://sap.enron.com/sap doclib/user/file list.asp?cabinet id 265. Need help?	Need help?	Please contact the ISC Call Center at PHONE .
or questions please call me at  713  853-3399.	At the request of Julie Ferrara, I am attaching our proposed Second Amendment to License Agreement which extends the term of the License Agreement from March 31, 2001 to June 30, 2001 .. If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the Second Amendment and return it to me via fax no PHONE .. I will then have it executed by Enron.	I will then have it executed by Enron.	If you have any comments or questions please call me at PHONE .
Please review the below and let us know how you want to proceed.	Below is an email from TranAlta Energy Marketing U.S. Inc. TransAlta regarding their merger with Merchant Energy Group of the Americas, Inc. MEGA .. TransAlta is the surviving entity and they propose to assign the existing ISDA Master between ENA and MEGA from MEGA to TransAlta.. ECC has an ISDA Master with TransAlta, but I think it is a different TransAlta entity.	ECC has an ISDA Master with TransAlta, but I think it is a different TransAlta entity.	Please review the below and let us know how you want to proceed.
Please attend only those dinners for	Hi Everyone,. As you know, every semester I host a series of pizza dinners for each class in the Evening MBA Program.. The purpose of the dinners is to provide the students with a smaller forum from which to ask questions and express concerns about the program.. This semester s pizza dinners will be held during the weeks of October 16 and October 23.. Below you will find listed the date of your class s dinner.. All pizza dinners are held in C230 from 7:30 - 8:15 pm, except the Monday pizza dinners, which will be held in the BofA Forum.. Please note that the pizza dinners will not interfere with your class time if your class meets on the regular Evening MBA 6:00 - 9:30 pm class schedule.. The agenda items I have for this round of pizza dinners include: 1 Discussion of international elective 2 Elective offerings for Spring 01. If you have other agenda items, please let me know.. Please mark your calendars - the pizza will be hot and the sodas cold or vice versa!. .. I hope you can make it.	I hope you can make it.	Please attend only those dinners for which you are scheduled.
please notify the sender immediately and delete the original.	I don t know if you ve seen it yet, but one of the programmers that works for me burned me a copy of XP a couple of weeks ago .. .. .. don t really know how he got his hands on it, but it s pretty cool .. .. .. I have to upgrade my burner software due to compatibility issues .. .. .. is your burner software Roxio?. If so, I need you to burn me a copy .. .. .. I ll burn you a copy of XP if you re interested .. .. .. the first 64 byte OS. Regards,. Kevin A. Boone Accenture -- Houston Consultant -- Energy Octel PHONE Client PHONE C PHONE H PHONE Kevin.A.Boone accenture.com. Our web address is http://www.accenture.com. This message is for the designated recipient only and may contain privileged or confidential information.	This message is for the designated recipient only and may contain privileged or confidential information.	If you have received it in error, please notify the sender immediately and delete the original.
Please respond to  Janis Pereira   janisp dialdata.com.br	Jan-. I was looking at the wrong week.. Sorry, stress and sleep deprivation are my only excuses.. How much time should we spend in Rio?. Should we leave for Foz on the 11th?. I just heard about the Cataratas this morning from Scott Neal.. That was the place he suggested and that sounds great.. I ll work on Renato when he gets back in town.. Thanks,. Susan	Susan	Janis Pereira janisp dialdata.com.br on 04/03/2001 04:52:19 AM Please respond to Janis Pereira janisp dialdata.com.br To: Susan Pereira Susan.W.Pereira enron.com cc: Subject: SUMMER TRAVEL PLANS
individual and volume licensing incentives, please review the details	Subscribers to TheLaw.net s Custom Web Browser already know that the days of submitting solely to the Wexis duopoly are over.. Why limit your options to cherry-picking subscription slices from the Wexis pay-per-view menu when TheLaw.net offers an all-you-can-eat, unlimited access buffet for under 25 a month annualized; a subscription that has as its centerpiece unlimited access to the largest searchable database of Federal and state appellate case law on the planet next to those provided by the big-two compusearchers.. Personal Editions are just 295 a year.. Annual Workgroup Editions are just 995 for the first five users.. http://www.thelaw.net/subscribe.htm. --MORE THAN JUST CASE LAW Wexis, of course, offers us a vast array of high-quality resources, with many slick bells and whistles.. But for most of us, these resources exist in name only and deviating from the plan usually means getting hammered with unwieldy transaction charges.. In contrast, TheLaw.net puts cases, statutes, regulations, rules, forms, news, executive agency databases, legislative tracking tools, full-text law journals, a massive reference desk and Federal, state and local court resources just a click or two away on your desktop.. As legal research and reference materials continue to migrate online the commercial value of this information bottoms out for the few who have the time and talent to find it scattered among the thousands of servers controlled by governments, academia and non-profits.. For the rest of us, there s TheLaw.net. --NO RISK 30 DAY MONEY BACK GUARANTEE Your no risk Personal, Convenience or Workgroup Edition includes an unconditional 30 day money-back guarantee.. Five attorneys in a firm or workgroup, for example, get unlimited use for an entire year for just 995; individual users for just 295.. You ll be up and running in minutes and we can deliver your software today!	You ll be up and running in minutes and we can deliver your software today!	For more information about TheLaw.net Custom Browser and this month s individual and volume licensing incentives, please review the details included below the signature line, visit our web site at: http://www.thelaw.net or call toll free 1.877.4.LAWNET PHONE .
Please give me a call and I can elaborate on the opportunity or answer your questions.	ENA and Crestone Northern Border s non-regulated affiliate met with a group of developers and Joe Meyer, Secretary of State in Wyoming, who have proposed to build a 200 MW power plant expandable to 500 MW in the Powder River basin of Wyoming.. Their angle is that the existing utility, Powder River Electric Coop, cannot meet the demand for electricity and the necessary distribution infrastructure to maintain the pace of development in the Coal Bed Methane BOOM that is happening in the basin.. As you may or may not know, Enron has been very involved in this Coal Bed Methane play since 1998.. ENA is the largest purchaser of 3rd party gas in the basin and Crestone is the largest non-producer gathering company in the basin.. Crestone has a gathering trunkline located near their proposed site.. The developers will be filing a petition to remove this area from the COOP s certificated territory in the next couple of weeks.. There are obviously regulatory issues revolving around their ability to gain access to this retail market and the project would not be economically feasible as a merchant plant in the wholesale market.. However, they seem to have some political backing.. These developers recognize that they need Enron s assistance in developing this project on three main fronts:. 1.. Power Marketing and Project development 2.. Gas Supplies and Pipeline access 3.. Regulatory and Transmission expertise. Given the fact that Joe Meyer is the early favorite to be the next Wyoming Governor and we are trying to work well with the State of Wyoming, and we have a natural competitive advantage in this market from a gas supply and pipeline perspective, I would like to pursue this opportunity a little further.. Therefore, I am wondering if I could get a Sr. Commercial Power Representative and a Regulatory Representative Steve Walton would be good since he will be on the Wyoming Energy Commission , to attend a meeting in Denver with myself and the Crestone representatives sometime in the next 2 weeks.	Therefore, I am wondering if I could get a Sr. Commercial Power Representative and a Regulatory Representative Steve Walton would be good since he will be on the Wyoming Energy Commission , to attend a meeting in Denver with myself and the Crestone representatives sometime in the next 2 weeks.	Please give me a call and I can elaborate on the opportunity or answer your questions.
Will you forward the draft?	Attached is a Master draft for the above.. I do not have an address or contact for your customer?	I do not have an address or contact for your customer?	Will you forward the draft?
Please review and provide me with any comments.	It looks fine.. Mark. Below is an email to be sent to all attorneys/paralegals within ENA Legal.	Below is an email to be sent to all attorneys/paralegals within ENA Legal.	Please review and provide me with any comments.
To RSVP, please send an email directly to Patti Wals	Please notice the updated format.. Simply click on the titles for detailed 20 information.. Come Enjoy the First Annual Barbara Jordan Memorial Speech Competition As a salute to Black History Month, you are invited to the First Annual 20 Barbara Jordan Memorial Speech Competition.. Please join us at the Alley 20 Theatre 20 on Monday, February 26th at 6 p.m., when six seventh grade girls from Crosb y 20 Middle School, Duchesne Academy, Grantham Academy, Highlands Junior High, 20 Ryan Middle School and Spring Oaks Middle School will each deliver an amazi ng 20 speech in an effort to win the first place ribbon.. Steve Kean will be 20 representing Enron as one of the judges.. This evening is the culmination o f 20 the Barbara Jordan Project, which was created as a partnership betwen the 20 Alley 20 Theatre and Enron to celebrate Barbara Jordan s legacy and the lessons it 20 holds for all of us.. Please bring your family to enjoy this wonderful 20 evening, but space is 20 limited so act quick!	Please bring your family to enjoy this wonderful 20 evening, but space is 20 limited so act quick!	To RSVP, please send an email directly to Patti Wals h. 20 20
you please explain.	Guys, I noticed that the corporate tax allocation to ENA has more than doubled from 2000 forecast to 2001 plan ie 1,600,000 from 700,000.	Guys, I noticed that the corporate tax allocation to ENA has more than doubled from 2000 forecast to 2001 plan ie 1,600,000 from 700,000.	Could you please explain.
Please call me once you have had a chance to read through the attached memo.			Please call me once you have had a chance to read through the attached memo.
Please review the attached message regarding FERC approval of the NYISO	Dear NYISO Market Participants:	Dear NYISO Market Participants:	Please review the attached message regarding FERC approval of the NYISO Virtual Bidding Proposal.
Send me a towel.	Rob, if you and Dave think this is your best branding opportunity in the short run as we gear up I am supportive.. I assume this will be covered in Canada s budget.	I assume this will be covered in Canada s budget.	Send me a towel.
Please  return nominations	CONTROL AREA AND INDEPENDENT SYSTEM OPERATORS:. Please see the attached document requesting nominations to fill a vacant position on the Reliability Compliance Committee.	Please see the attached document requesting nominations to fill a vacant position on the Reliability Compliance Committee.	Please return nominations by July 20, 2001.
Please look at the  highlighted red  below.	Chris, i cannot find this dealticket in Sitara?????	Chris, i cannot find this dealticket in Sitara?????	?which means i cannot path Please look at the highlighted red below.
Please, go ahead and make a	Frank,. Dec 14 would be better for us.. We have already scheduled an internal presentation on December 7.	We have already scheduled an internal presentation on December 7.	Please, go ahead and make a reservation.
Please review the letters	Rick, Attached are drafts of the letters notifiying Williams, Apache and Lone Star that ENA will be acting as agent for Tenaska IV.	Rick, Attached are drafts of the letters notifiying Williams, Apache and Lone Star that ENA will be acting as agent for Tenaska IV.	Please review the letters and get back to me on the following items:
PLEASE OPEN THE FOLLOWING ATTACHMENT AND SNED IN YOUR RESPONSE ASAP.			PLEASE OPEN THE FOLLOWING ATTACHMENT AND SNED IN YOUR RESPONSE ASAP.
just give me a call and let me know what this in regards to.			just give me a call and let me know what this in regards to.
Please respond to the USFMP 2000 Dues Allocation Data Request that	Leslie, would you please put these numbers together for us?. Valerie said she would work with you on it.. Thanks.. Per my voice mail, see the attached.. Thanx. B-dette -- Please call Mary Hain and find out who to forward this to.. Perhaps Alan?. ThanksJOE. SELECT COUNCIL REPRESENTATIVES	SELECT COUNCIL REPRESENTATIVES	Please respond to the USFMP 2000 Dues Allocation Data Request that was previously sent out on October 18, 2000, and on December 8, 2000.
Please prepare execution copies and let me know if there is anything else to	Corinne:. We will accept your interest rate schedules.. Also, you can include the witness line for our signatory.	Also, you can include the witness line for our signatory.	Please prepare execution copies and let me know if there is anything else to be done.
I don t have Bev s email, so if you could please forward to her, that would	09. Greetings All:. First, I am apologizing in advance for any typos in this email.. Schedule i s 20 very tight, but I wanted to make sure that everyone had it first thing this 20 morning, with some back-up info that I ve included below.. Attached is the email that was sent to Ken Lay s office yesterday evening f or 20 delivery to Sen. Brulte.. It s of course confidential.. Few points:	Few points:	I don t have Bev s email, so if you could please forward to her, that would 20 be appreciated.
Please plan to attend a meeting tomorrow  8/15/00  at 11:00 AM, EB3125B to			Please plan to attend a meeting tomorrow 8/15/00 at 11:00 AM, EB3125B to talk about web scrapping needs for gas and power.
7. Section 16 - Please add the word  written  before the word  consent .			-Folder: Mark Taylor Jun2001 Notes Folders Archive 6 00 X-Origin: Taylor-M X-FileName: mtaylor.nsf
Ginger -- please put these into slide format.	Rick --. Attached are my top 3 objectives underway / accomplishments for EGM and Enron Networks.. I ve included only one accomplishment since the group is just getting up and running.. Please let me know if you have any questions / comments.	Please let me know if you have any questions / comments.	Ginger -- please put these into slide format.
Please make sure to write  India  in the memo	On Friday, January 26, 2001, an earthquake rocked the western region of India.. The earthquake reportedly had a magnitude of 7.9 and was centered in the state of Gujarat.. Initial reports indicate the death toll to be at least 15,000.. Most of the damage was reported in Ahmedabad, the state s commercial center.. Enron has a significant business presence in India.. It has E P interests off the Gujarat coast and is the majority owner of the Dabhol Power project, ultimately a 2,184 MW net generating plant, serving consumers in the state of Maharashtra, which borders Gujarat to the south.. Consequently, Enron Oil and Gas India Limited EOGIL , Enron India and DPC have mobilized staff and resources in India to tangibly assist the relief effort e.g.. contributing emergency medical supplies .. Enron employees are encouraged to donate to relief efforts and to take advantage of our Matching Gift Program to double the impact of your donation.. Enron will match, dollar for dollar, every donation that you make, up to 15,000 annually per employee.. Listed below are a multitude of organizations that are offering aid to the victims of this earthquake.. To print a Matching Gift form, please click here File: http://home.enron.com/cr/ and then click on gifts, grants and giving.. Please fill out the form and send it with your check to 3AC-1409.. We will send the money collected, along with a check from Enron for the same amount, to each of the organizations.	We will send the money collected, along with a check from Enron for the same amount, to each of the organizations.	Please make sure to write India in the memo area on your check.
Please come join us.	Your brother sold those tickets for me, so sorry, they are gone.. Hey, I am meeting them in Atlanta and the Jocks adn Jills sports bar in CNN Center before the game.	Hey, I am meeting them in Atlanta and the Jocks adn Jills sports bar in CNN Center before the game.	Please come join us.
Maureen, please schedule some time on my calendar for Littlechild.			Maureen, please schedule some time on my calendar for Littlechild.
Please e-mail your approval to Christine and me by noon tomorrow if	Attached is the proposed contract with Oneok.. Since it is a maximum rate deal, there is no discount letter.. However, I am circulating this for approval because it contains a special provision found in the Other section regarding marketing of capacity for release, as allowed by Section 30.8 of the General Terms and Conditions of Transwestern s tariff.. Christine, you and Michele will need to fill in the address and account information.. My sincerest apologies for operating outside the usual contracting procedure but since time is even more of the essence that usual here, I felt it was best to get a pro forma version of this out for approval as soon as possible.	My sincerest apologies for operating outside the usual contracting procedure but since time is even more of the essence that usual here, I felt it was best to get a pro forma version of this out for approval as soon as possible.	Please e-mail your approval to Christine and me by noon tomorrow if possible.
Can we please get the computer equipment set up for these two	On Monday, July 10th, I have two attorneys starting w/ ENA Legal Department.. Marcus Nettleton is transferring from EBS and Robert Bruce is from an outside firm.	Marcus Nettleton is transferring from EBS and Robert Bruce is from an outside firm.	Can we please get the computer equipment set up for these two gentlemen on Monday afternoon?
To ensure a fun-filled day, please read the following carefully:	Looking for something to do this Saturday?. Volunteer with fellow Fordham alumni and current students at Christmas in April in the Bronx, Metro Chicago or Washington, D.C.!!!!. !. For information about Chicago, please email Tim Cahill: tcahill generalstar.com For information about Washington, D.C. please email Kristi Daniels: Kristi.Daniels ogilvypr.com. If you are interested in organizing a Christmas in April house in your area next year, please contact me.. For more information about Christmas in April, log on to: www.christmasinapril.org.. For information about the Bronx, please read below.	For information about the Bronx, please read below.	To ensure a fun-filled day, please read the following carefully:
Please take a quick look at the attached.	Tom -	Tom -	Please take a quick look at the attached.
Can you please extend sitara deal  156657 for 3/1/00, if the deal will			Can you please extend sitara deal 156657 for 3/1/00, if the deal will allow?
Please give me an update on the redrafting of the ReUse agreements.	Gerald,	Gerald,	Please give me an update on the redrafting of the ReUse agreements.
Please coordinate with Kay to set up a time that works for both of us.			Please coordinate with Kay to set up a time that works for both of us.
Please make sure that you submitted an RCR.	Looks good.	Looks good.	Please make sure that you submitted an RCR.
Please make sure the meetings I need to attend are on my calender.			Please make sure the meetings I need to attend are on my calender.
re please respond to remove commissioner.com . Do not respond to this email			09
Can you do me a favour and send me the email-adresses of James, Ben,	Greg, how are you?. Enclosed find some pictures from our regular sunday-night-Stammtisch.	Enclosed find some pictures from our regular sunday-night-Stammtisch.	Can you do me a favour and send me the email-adresses of James, Ben, Glen, Mark and Ulrich.
Please follow up w/ Chris on his e-mail  redraft..... .			Mary Lisa, Please follow up w/ Chris on his e-mail redraft..... .
Please contact Jeff Hodge with the details of the cuts.			Please contact Jeff Hodge with the details of the cuts.
Please take a look at this e-mail .......			Please take a look at this e-mail .......
Can you prepare a draft guaranty and ask Tanya for a cap.	Stephanie:. Scroll all the way down to Sheila s original message for contact person and the two Enron companies being guaranteed.. You will need to verify with London that ECTRIC has a futures agreement with Carr maybe you can get a copy of it for our records .	You will need to verify with London that ECTRIC has a futures agreement with Carr maybe you can get a copy of it for our records .	Can you prepare a draft guaranty and ask Tanya for a cap.
give me a call tonight at 901-528-0914.	hey.	hey.	give me a call tonight at PHONE . it is tuesday the 28th
If you would like a copy of this resolution, please send me your physical address and I ll send you a copy via inter-office mail.	I want to inform you that a resolution has been signed effective Aug. 27, 2001 naming Jesse E. Neyman as a Vice President of LRCI, Inc.	I want to inform you that a resolution has been signed effective Aug. 27, 2001 naming Jesse E. Neyman as a Vice President of LRCI, Inc.	If you would like a copy of this resolution, please send me your physical address and I ll send you a copy via inter-office mail.
Please confirm that you are the correct recipient for this shipment and your	Zimin,. Please, take a look at it.. I think we should download the update.. Vince. January 26, 2001. Vince Kaminski Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street 30th Floor, Rm.. 3036B Houston, TX PHONE PHONE . Dear Vince Kaminski,. This is to inform you of the release of ENERGY 2.0.. FTP download instructions are available immediately.. The download instructions are included at the end of this email.. Your CD s and manuals will be shipped to you within 2 weeks.. Please see below for more information regarding this new release.	Please see below for more information regarding this new release.	Please confirm that you are the correct recipient for this shipment and your address above is correct by clicking reply and send.
Please call me at 713-412-5890 or email me at mfowler2 aol.com.	Sara, per Jason Peters, our litigation manager was unable to meet with Jason during your vacation to discuss consequential damages.. This is the only material issue outstanding with regard to the Buy Side Direct agreement.. In addition, Jason has been waiting for our position on this issue to be clarified before he continues discussions with Trading Edge.. Sara, we have been aware of the consequential damage issue for more than a month.. When can we expect this issue to be resolved ?. When can we expect to complete legal discussions with Buy Side Direct and Trading Edge ?	When can we expect to complete legal discussions with Buy Side Direct and Trading Edge ?	Please call me at PHONE or email me at mfowler2 aol.com.
Go ahead and release but make sure Mark Metss  group have seen the	Thanks.	Thanks.	Go ahead and release but make sure Mark Metss group have seen the financials before releasing to UBS.
Could you please add some very brief bullets to	We should be able to pull it together.. Mike, I don t have any information about siting or DSM bills.	Mike, I don t have any information about siting or DSM bills.	Could you please add some very brief bullets to your original ones factual ones rather than advocacy ones that describe 1 what siting reform bills are out there, what they say, what the chances are for passing, and what the timing for passage seems to be at this point, and 2 same info for DSM.
Can you install it for them?	Andrew, Vince and Grant from Research would like to have RiskTrack on their PCs.	Andrew, Vince and Grant from Research would like to have RiskTrack on their PCs.	Can you install it for them?
cleared cancelling the conference with Elizabeth, so please take the steps	My dad is having some health issues, so they couldn t commit to next week.	My dad is having some health issues, so they couldn t commit to next week.	I cleared cancelling the conference with Elizabeth, so please take the steps necessary to call that off.
145 - can you verify?			hey martin - i know i havent paid for the fantasy league at all - but i am trying to figure out how much i owe - i think 3 of my transactions shouldve been free because 1 was to change kickers on the same team and 2 were to change my defense on the bye week - so, without any winnings - i think i owe 145 - can you verify?
Please unwind the deals listed and have confirms go out to the external c/p			Please unwind the deals listed and have confirms go out to the external c/p on the unwinds.
Please remove the Personal Expense icon from all personal expense entries and	The above reference expense report has been resubmitted to you for changes.	The above reference expense report has been resubmitted to you for changes.	Please remove the Personal Expense icon from all personal expense entries and submit the expense report once again for payment.
Please review and edit this document and return to me so I can	Dan:. Citizens has come back with some questions on the amendment you drafted.. I have discussed these changes with them and redrafted the agreement to adopt some of their ideas but in a manner to make it more acceptable to us.. This is attached.	This is attached.	Please review and edit this document and return to me so I can forward to Citizens.
Please attend or call in	Barbara,. Here s the latest word I have on the meeting, which sets it for tomorrow.. Is there something later which sets it for today?. Thanks,. Kay. Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 02/20/2001 10:42 AM. PLEASE NOTE:. The above mentioned meeting has been rescheduled and confirmed for Wednesday, February 21, 2001 from 11:15 am - 12:15 pm.. Please join Keith Dodson and John in BoardRoom 3AC4C1.. Lunch will be provided.	Lunch will be provided.	Please attend or call in if you can.
Robert, would you put these deals on the morning sheet please.			Robert, would you put these deals on the morning sheet please.
Please email David Brehan?	Due to the overwhelming demand for the Outlook demonstrations last week, we are glad to announce additional sessions have been scheduled.?. For those of you who were not able to make it last week, be sure to reserve your seat soon as the sessions will fill quickly.. ?. Tuesday, January 30 - Room EB5C2 Session A:?. 8:00 a.m. to 9:30 a.m.. Session B:?. 10:00 a.m. to 11:30 a.m. ?. Thursday, February 1 - Room EB5C2 Session C:?. 8:00 a.m. to 9:30 a.m.. Session D:?. 10:00 a.m. to 11:30 a.m. ?	10:00 a.m. to 11:30 a.m. ?	Please email David Brehan?
Please email your  scraping	Invitation Chairperson: Colin Tonks. Description: Knowmadic Engineers to further demonstrate KnowMadic suit.. Room EB2556, I have asked for lunch to be provided.. please read details. This meeting repeats starting on if the date occurs on a weekend the meeting .. Meeting Dates:. Lloyd Will Greg Woulfe Nicole La Clayton Vernon Chris Hyde John Simmons Joe Schurman Ted Biggs Madhup Kumar Justin Joblin Brian Hudson Goeff Storey Yan Wang/Corp/Enron Hunter S Shively/HOU/ECT Chris Gaskill/Corp/Enron John P Tollefsen/HOU/ECT. Detailed description: Knowmadic Representatives: Brain O Neal, Jim Yappel. Details: For the benefit of our London colleagues and to further demonstrate KnowMadics abilities or inabilities , we are arranging another all day session with the KnowMadic engineers.	Details: For the benefit of our London colleagues and to further demonstrate KnowMadics abilities or inabilities , we are arranging another all day session with the KnowMadic engineers.	Please email your scraping requirements to jkhandekar knowmadic.com prior to the meeting so they can prepare.
2  Effective immediately, please create an automatic message for Mary s	Mary Solmonson, one of my direct reports, has been out of the office since March 1, 2001 and it is not readily known when she will return to work.. All business related e-mail messages require a prompt response from our business unit.. Therefore, I am requesting your assistance in completing the following tasks:. 1 Grant the necessary access to me to be able to review the incoming e-mails directed to Mary Solmonson since March 1, 2001 through today so that I can determine which ones require a business response that I can handle.. Can these be transferred to my e:mail as a simplified way for me to complete this review?	Can these be transferred to my e:mail as a simplified way for me to complete this review?	2 Effective immediately, please create an automatic message for Mary s e-mail box that states I am out of the office.
Sandra - please send to Stephen Burns my fax number at the Regent hotel in	here is my first, rough draft contribution to the testimony.. I will be travelling tonight, arriving in Sydney Sunday morning.. I have no idea what time that is in Washington, Steve B., but if you will fax me any questions or comments I will ahve e-mail, too , I will respond ASAP.	I have no idea what time that is in Washington, Steve B., but if you will fax me any questions or comments I will ahve e-mail, too , I will respond ASAP.	Sandra - please send to Stephen Burns my fax number at the Regent hotel in Sydney.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Rev.. Coletta Eichenberger 314 High St. Boonville, MO 65233 cbeichenberger undata.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please review and	Here is a short note on potential research with Wharton.	Here is a short note on potential research with Wharton.	Please review and edit and then we can send some indication to the Wharton guys.
please add to my schedule.			please add to my schedule.
Could you please confirm that your Windsor address is to be used on your	Hi, Geoff,	Hi, Geoff,	Could you please confirm that your Windsor address is to be used on your tax returns.
Please review the contract file for these assignment effective dates.	All of the assignment documents are supposed to be filed in the contract file.	All of the assignment documents are supposed to be filed in the contract file.	Please review the contract file for these assignment effective dates.
Please add the 01.	See Below in Blue.. Thanks for your help.. D. Daren, there were several points on your list that were previously created and the remainder have been created, with the exception explained below.. Donna and I researched your list and identified the ones that were on system which she would create and the ones that were off system which I would create .. Standard Pooling Stations and West Texas Line X Pooling Stations had no meters, so they are not set up.. I will try to find the meter numbers for these locations.. I don t think we will be using them much.. So, it may be a few days before I get the info together.. The Hunt Fairway Plant 17-8477-01 was previously created as 178477 , I need to know if the 01 needs to be added.	The Hunt Fairway Plant 17-8477-01 was previously created as 178477 , I need to know if the 01 needs to be added.	Please add the 01.
Please return as soon as possible.	Your comments are needed for Lavon Wilson who sat in for Brenda Whitehead s old desk until a replacement was found.	Your comments are needed for Lavon Wilson who sat in for Brenda Whitehead s old desk until a replacement was found.	Please return as soon as possible.
Please ask Mike to email me once he s	Yes, I would like to have access.	Yes, I would like to have access.	Please ask Mike to email me once he s given me access.
Kindly review his request and let me know if you are	Tony,. No problem.. Vince. Vince, Thank you for honoring us at our home on Saturday.. It was a real pleasure to share an evening with you.. We hope we shall be able to do it again with your family when the opportunity arises.. I am forwarding to you a request from John Young who works in my group as a Documentation Specialist.	I am forwarding to you a request from John Young who works in my group as a Documentation Specialist.	Kindly review his request and let me know if you are able to grant it.
Please approve and auotschedule annuities.	These, as well as the Grays Harbor deal you sent me, have been approved and re-scheduled.. They should show in the CARP report now, but let me know if they don t, and I ll look into it.. Thanks, Kate. Kate,	Kate,	Please approve and auotschedule annuities.
you have reviewed the attachment, please call Sara Shackleton at 3-5620.	Rafael - pursuant to your telephone conversation with Sara Shackleton, attached is a memo detailing the procedures required to open a brokerage account, along with forms of resolutions and authorized traders list.	Rafael - pursuant to your telephone conversation with Sara Shackleton, attached is a memo detailing the procedures required to open a brokerage account, along with forms of resolutions and authorized traders list.	Once you have reviewed the attachment, please call Sara Shackleton at 3-5620.
Please prepare a draft ISDA pursuant to the attached worksheet.			Please prepare a draft ISDA pursuant to the attached worksheet.
So, please, calm down and let s all get off on the right foot.	fyi. Pete,. I would like to weigh in on this, if you don t mind.. First of all, I requested meetings with the audit and EHS folks to understand our procedures and our status.. So, no fair ranting at Don.. Secondly, your note brings to mind what I find the most troublesome about our process as it currently stands.. It is not now, nor will it be in the future the audit department s responsibility to ensure that corrective actions are taken as a result of the audit process.. It is the responsibility of the business leader and the business management.. So, follow up with the companies should have been a communication from you to the business unit head, not from Don to the business and Don to you.. But, we are going to work all of this out and in the meantime, we aren t going to get crosswise with each other.. This is going to be an open kimono kind of place and no information is going to be managed away from me.. I will be staying on top of things and I will be involved with all of the support groups, with the business leaders and with the executive managment.. And, problems that are uncovered will be owned by all of us responsible for the business and the appropriate handling of those issues will be a matter of performance between the business and myself.	I will be staying on top of things and I will be involved with all of the support groups, with the business leaders and with the executive managment.. And, problems that are uncovered will be owned by all of us responsible for the business and the appropriate handling of those issues will be a matter of performance between the business and myself.	So, please, calm down and let s all get off on the right foot.
Please review thoroghly, add	Jeff, attached is Georges review for tomorrow.	Jeff, attached is Georges review for tomorrow.	Please review thoroghly, add and make changes and be sure to check for errors.
call me early today.	Holli:. Will you be on this call?. Also, you never answered my question about reference market makers.	Also, you never answered my question about reference market makers.	Please call me early today.
Please call with any other questions,	This book is for a VPP deal with the affiliate Star VPP, LP.. The Price desk has swaps with this counterparty and the other regional desks have basis deals.. The deals went into the system last night.. The Post ID s were PHONE price and PHONE basis .. Kori is running the book just like she does the other affiliate books.	Kori is running the book just like she does the other affiliate books.	Please call with any other questions,
Audrey, one more name in addition to the ones I ve already given you.... please add Elizabeth Brown on the invite list.			Audrey, one more name in addition to the ones I ve already given you.... please add Elizabeth Brown on the invite list.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Michael Powell 7300 Tolleson Ave NW Albuquerque, NM 87114 mpowell nmfiber.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Will you accept the changes and send out?	Looks fine to me.	Looks fine to me.	Will you accept the changes and send out?
Please add tampa bay defense to my roster			Please add tampa bay defense to my roster
Please confirm that it belongs there so that we can finish up the break out	Does Bill know this?. Lee is going to want to know that you guys are on the same page.. Kay. Yes, the stabilizer definitely belongs in the contract.. It has been included in our price to Delta.. Steve, I know that we specifically included the stabilizer in the Salmon deal.	Steve, I know that we specifically included the stabilizer in the Salmon deal.	Please confirm that it belongs there so that we can finish up the break out contract.
Please RSVP to Kathy	FYI. Vince. Dear Company Representative,. We are pleased to announce that your company 01,s proposal has been selecte d as a potential project in the Jones Graduate School of Management s Action Learning Project ALP Program.. As indicated in the ALP brochure, company representatives are invited to attend the ALP Program Introduction and Student Networking Session on Wednesday, January 10.	As indicated in the ALP brochure, company representatives are invited to attend the ALP Program Introduction and Student Networking Session on Wednesday, January 10.	Please RSVP to Kathy Spradling, MBA Program Coordinator, at PHONE or e-mail her at spradlin rice.edu by Monday, January 8 to let her know if you plan to attend the session.
Please contact Bill Greenizian, John Zufferli or myself with	We will have the phones for this weekend for Enron Canada.. We will get the phones at 6 on Friday or thereabouts and will have them till 6 on Sunday morning or thereaboot .. Same as before.. We need to update the calgary log on explorer and the written log in the white Canada binder if there are any rerates.	We need to update the calgary log on explorer and the written log in the white Canada binder if there are any rerates.	Please contact Bill Greenizian, John Zufferli or myself with questions.
Could you please help us by addressing the question posed by Stacey			Could you please help us by addressing the question posed by Stacey Richardson below?
Could you please provide me with an indication on whether you  will be able	Vince, ?	Vince, ?	Could you please provide me with an indication on whether you will be able to review the latest EPRM article in the next day or so??
need it you send them copies.	I have not received any comments.. I consider it final.. Let me know if you need to have it customized for any particular circumstance.	Let me know if you need to have it customized for any particular circumstance.	Since I don t know who or for that matter what the PCG heads are, I sugggest that if they need it you send them copies.
please call and we can set up a teleconference with our legal department to	Gerald, It seems that the drafts that have been sent back to Marathon have confused the relationships of Marathon, Mariner and MEGS.. As an example you have requested that the LOPSA rely on the O M Agreement between Mariner and MEGS, which Marathon is not a party.. We would rather that agreement remain between MEGS and Mariner and be the basis for your resolution of disputes.. The legal capacities presented in your response to the LOPSA draft are confusing.. All rights seem to flow to MEGS, yet the obligations seem to be on Mariner, we do not believe the division of rights and obligations in this manner are a good situation.. By example the Indemnity provisions have been altered to have Mariner indemnify the Owners and Operator no mention of MEGS and then further change the indemnity to a negligence based indemnity of Platform Operator .. The PHA is a unilateral indemnity to Platform Operator and Platform Owners and we must insist on this same level of protection with MEGS.. If you would like to make another attempt at either a ratification or LOPSA that addresses MEGS as Lessee and Mariner as its operator and provide for any resolution between those two in the O M Agreement we would be happy to discuss this further.	If you would like to make another attempt at either a ratification or LOPSA that addresses MEGS as Lessee and Mariner as its operator and provide for any resolution between those two in the O M Agreement we would be happy to discuss this further.	If you would like to go through the LOPSA line by line please call and we can set up a teleconference with our legal department to do so.
so please pick it up as soon as you can.	Hi Susan, craig stopped by the Mountain Travel Sobek website and created a Postcard just for you!. To pick up your card, simply point your browser at the page listed below:. http://mtsobek2.ddmweb.com/cgi-bin/runCardS.py?form retrieveForm card 1226 pas swd PHONE 2035. Cut and paste the URL into your browser to ensure accuracy if you don t see a hyperlink.. AOL users can enter the URL as a keyword	AOL users can enter the URL as a keyword	The card will remain on the server for about two weeks, so please pick it up as soon as you can.
Can you check Mike Swerzbin for the following deals through Prebon:			Can you check Mike Swerzbin for the following deals through Prebon:
Could you send me a	Vince,. I m really glad to know that you could make it.	I m really glad to know that you could make it.	Could you send me a title, 50-word abstract and author info.
Please take a look at this history of the regulatory issues on Hubbard.			Please take a look at this history of the regulatory issues on Hubbard.
For the AUDIO portion of the call, please call in on one of the following	CERA Conference Call: Sent Tue, December 12, 2000. Title: Conference Call and Web Presentation: Volatility in Northeast Energy Markets.... Author: CERA E-Mail Category: Conference Call Product Line: North American Gas , Refined Products ,. URLs: Refined Products Members: http://www.cera.com/client/rp/cc/121200 19/rp cc 121200 19 ab.html. North American Gas Members: http://www.cera.com/client/nag/cc/121200 19/nag cc 121200 19 ab.html. A Cambridge Energy Research Associates Conference Call and Web Presentation with North American Natural Gas and Refined Products Groups. TOPIC Volatility in the Northeast Energy Markets: Natural Gas and Distillate Fuels. National perspective: The gas price shock.. Price spikes in the Northeast energy markets so far this winter: more to come?. Natural gas storage levels: how low can they go?. Distillate fuel oil: a source of relief for tight Northeast gas markets?. FORMAT At the time listed below, our speakers will address this topic for approximately 30 minutes, with accompanying graphics presented on the Internet, followed by an open question and answer period.. SPEAKERS Robert Fleck, CERA Associate Director, North American Gas Martin Meyers, CERA Director, Refined Products Jennifer Snyder, CERA Associate Director, North American Gas William Veno, CERA Director, Refined Products. TIME 3:00 P.M. Eastern, Monday, December 18, 2000. ELIGIBILITY Clients eligible to participate in this conference call are those who subscribe to the CERA North American Natural Gas and Refined Products Retainer Advisory Services.	ELIGIBILITY Clients eligible to participate in this conference call are those who subscribe to the CERA North American Natural Gas and Refined Products Retainer Advisory Services.	AUDIO INTERNET For the AUDIO portion of the call, please call in on one of the following numbers approximately 10-15 minutes before the call:
Please can you tell me either way so that I can make the requisite	Dear Mr Kamins. I am delighted that you would like to speak at the forthcoming Real Options conference.. Would your company be covering travel and hotel expenses?. If not I would need to get internal sign off to cover any expenses you would have.	If not I would need to get internal sign off to cover any expenses you would have.	Please can you tell me either way so that I can make the requisite inquiries if required.
Also, please add a lawyer in our Group to the database with full edit	Can you please delete access to the financial trading agreement database to the following people:. Anita Fam Brenda Whitehead Elizabeth Sager Jason Peters Stephanie Sever Christian Yoder Lorraine Filomeno Shari Stack Susan Flynn Lisa Lees. Two people need to have their access changed from Legal Dept., to Credit Dept.. therefore they can make Credit comments, not Legal comments : Tom Moran and Veronica Espinoza.	therefore they can make Credit comments, not Legal comments : Tom Moran and Veronica Espinoza.	Also, please add a lawyer in our Group to the database with full edit access: Cheryl Nelson.
This       is your order confirmation, please print this page for your	IMAGE THANK YOU?	IMAGE THANK YOU?	Eric Bass This is your order confirmation, please print this page for your records.
Please come and help us celebrate this record-breaking occasion!	You are cordially invited. MS150 Bike Tour Awards Party. Wednesday, June 28 5:00pm to 8:00 pm. City Streets 5078 Richmond Avenue Houston RSVP to PHONE , ext.. 2453. Join the fun at the ISUZU MS 150 Post-Tour Awards Party!. Did you raise 400 or more?. If so, you qualify for a fabulous fundraising prize that you can pick up at the party!. Don t forget, you can choose to donate your prize back to the Lone Star Chapter, too .. The individual and team awards will be announced, so you won t want to miss this exciting event!. Rumor has it that the Tour raised over 3 million, and the Enron team is now at 512,946.00.	Rumor has it that the Tour raised over 3 million, and the Enron team is now at 512,946.00.	Please come and help us celebrate this record-breaking occasion!
Please come back to me with any thoughts you have on these draft efforts.	For purposes of going forward, attached are the various drafts relating to ERCOT product changes we have been discussing:. 1.. Re 11:00 am scheduling deadline.. This effort was sidelined because i it would fix the problem that surfaced with TXU, and ii in most instances I understand us to prefer the presence of the 11:00 am deadline to cuase the sheduling to be wrapped up under potential threat of LDs.. 2.. EOL financially firm UB product.. Doug, I believe you want to explore if the reference to the B product can be eliminated altogether.. 3.. ERCOT wide and Zonal EOL products.. Questions clearly present are: 1 uncertain duration of the zones, and what should happen to the commitments of the parties when newly defined zones replace the old.. The marketplace can t even be assured of zonal changeovers each October.. Buyer serving load is most at risk 2 uncertainty over whether the B product classification will persist, and what the Opertating guides will say about it or a subsequent Firm LD product, 3 whether delivery can only take place inside a zone, rather than at its border.. Doug you said you were considering rolling out an ERCOT wide product and then afterwards offering North and South Zones, followed by West Zone if there s market interest.	Doug you said you were considering rolling out an ERCOT wide product and then afterwards offering North and South Zones, followed by West Zone if there s market interest.	Please come back to me with any thoughts you have on these draft efforts.
Please review...	Kate-	Kate-	Please review... Deal 589940.01, comment says David Porter entered.
Upon approval and execution, please call me at x33399 to pick up the	Attached for your approval is the form of Enron Corp. Guaranty in favor of the referenced Counterparty, which guarantees the obligations of ENA under a financial confirmation.. We will need the standard executed copy.. The confirmation requires that we deliver the Guaranty within 5 days.	The confirmation requires that we deliver the Guaranty within 5 days.	Upon approval and execution, please call me at x33399 to pick up the documents.
Also, per my voicemail to you, please check with Palu on the highlighted blue bullets to confirm that your two bullets are not already included in the numbers that Jan gave me on her bullet.	Audrey, I added one more bullet from the earlier version I sent you.. Please work from this one.. Michelle, please fill in the appropriate volume amount for the volume affected on the Gallup compressor outtage.	Michelle, please fill in the appropriate volume amount for the volume affected on the Gallup compressor outtage.	Also, per my voicemail to you, please check with Palu on the highlighted blue bullets to confirm that your two bullets are not already included in the numbers that Jan gave me on her bullet.
Could you please forward me	I am in need of several more contract copies.	I am in need of several more contract copies.	Could you please forward me contract: PHONE PHONE PHONE PHONE
Please review and return your comments to me as soon as possible.	Jim, I believe you forgot to attach your revised document.. Thanks for your kind comments.. Sarah: I think you have done a great job on the article.. I know the Weather Group will appreciate the comments.. I did make a few changes and saved them as the same document with a Schwieger behind it.. I have no pride of ownership and Im not a writer so do with it as you see fit!. Thanks, Jim Schwieger. OK, here s an initial draft of your Enron Business article.	OK, here s an initial draft of your Enron Business article.	Please review and return your comments to me as soon as possible.
For June 2000, please schedule the volumes on the FT contract .			For June 2000, please schedule the volumes on the FT contract .
Kaye:  Would you please schedule a meeting with John Suttle to discuss			Kaye: Would you please schedule a meeting with John Suttle to discuss Harvard.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Barb Griss 2673 So.. Krameria Denver, CO bgriss yahoo.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
birthday present, please send cash only!!			what is up peppermint?
Can you let her know when	Just a followup, Stephanie needs full access ASAP.	Just a followup, Stephanie needs full access ASAP.	Can you let her know when her access is granted.
Please give me a call to discuss.	As we breifly, ECS is developing a product for gas driven as opposed to electric driven horse power.. Essentially, the value proposition involves wrapping an existing gas horspower station with a Compression Service Agreement and allowing the Pipeline to pay for the shaft horspower in commodities other than or solely in cash.. ECS provides shaft horsepower meaning that we bring gas, as opposed to elecricity to the compressor.. Because Shippers would continue to pay for its fuel per the existing tariff, the Pipeline would utilize shipper fuel to pay for shaft horsepower.. This structure represents an avenue for the Pipeline to hedge the value of the molecules it collects from Shippers or simply to levelize their fuel burn.. Timing and basis differences could, presumably, be included to increase the value to the Pipeline and potentially passed through to the Shippers.. Attached is a deal example that I recently presented to Great Lakes Gas Transmission that solves a fuel levelization problem they have on their system....they overcollect in the Winter and undercollect in the Summer.. It may be of some use in reviewing to help ascertain answers to the following:. 1 Would a gas compression service deal be required to be filed by the FERC?. My sence is that the answer is no.. This is simply an O M service contract and lease agreement.. 2 If a Pipeline is on an annual gas tracker, what would be the tracker implication?. It should be flat, as technically, ECS has not changed the amount of fuel collected/utilized....we have only provided optionality as to hedgeing??. ?	?	Please give me a call to discuss.
Can you E-mail Susan and I the location of the schedule E form.	Daniel - send us the Schedule C form as well.. Thanks. Daniel,	Daniel,	Can you E-mail Susan and I the location of the schedule E form.
Could you meet with	Debbie has to be downtown for other reason on May 24th.	Debbie has to be downtown for other reason on May 24th.	Could you meet with her about 4:15pm at my office.
please approve in system			please approve in system
Please examine.			Please examine.
Please come to the Health Center  EB307	Dear Sir/Madam:. Your flu vaccine has arrived.	Your flu vaccine has arrived.	Please come to the Health Center EB307 between the hours of 8:00 a.m. - 3:30 p.m. on Thursday, December 7th or at your earliest convenience this week.
Please check in with receptionist upon  arrival.	Below is the information for tomorrow s meeting w/Mayor Brown; note that the Mayor has allotted 45 minutes for this meeting.. Jeff, Steve and Lisa will meet in Jeff s office EB5007 at 8:15 a.m. to prepare and will walk over to City Hall for the 9:00 a.m. meeting.. IMPORTANT: Katherine, please call Darcy in Mayor Brown s office PHONE to let her know when Jeff, Steve and Lisa leave City Hall.. She will meet them at security to escort them through.. Thanks, SRS. Attn: Sherri Sera ?. This is to confirm an appointment with Jeff Skilling and Mayor Lee Brown.. ?. Location:?. Old City Hall Building ???. ???. ???. ???. Mayor s Office???????????????. ???. ???. ???. ???. 901 Bagby, 3rd floor ???. ???. ???. ???. Contact: Darcy Mackey ???. ???. ???. ?? PHONE ?. ?. Parking Instructions ?. At the corner of Walker and Bagby merge to the extreme left lane on Walker and enter the Theater District Parking ramp.. At the base of the ramp turn left sharp and park under the covered deck.. Enter City Hall through the double doors, go down the escalator and walk straight through the tunnel.. At the 3 elevators enter and choose 3rd floor.	At the 3 elevators enter and choose 3rd floor.	Please check in with receptionist upon arrival.
d like to receive this product early in the morning       please call Syncr	IMAGE 09. IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE Syncrasy, LLC?	IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE Syncrasy, LLC?	PHONE Off PHONE Fax 909 Texas Avenue Suite 1314 H ouston, TX 77002 www.syncrasy.com Sales: PHONE D evelopment Offices: PHONE Off PHONE Fax 835 Main Avenue Suite 221 Durango, CO 81301 09 09 IMAGE Complimentary version of Trader Summary from Syncrasy, LLC and APB Energy Inc. - If you woul d like to receive this product early in the morning please call Syncr asy at PHONE for more information or send an email to subscrib e TraderSummary syncrasy.com - If you would like to be added to this da ily email list please send an email to TraderSummaryemail syncrasy.co m - If you would like to be removed from this daily email please reply to this email with the words CANCEL or send an email to cancel trad ersummary syncrasy.com Data last updated: Friday, Feb 01, 2002 at 07: 06AM EST Commentary last updated: Friday, Feb 01, 2002 at 09:07AM EST M eteorologist: Andy Weingarten... APB Energy / True Quote Congratulation s Andy Weingarten, APB Energy!
Please review the report  revisions are in red  and let me know if you have any comments by Wednesday, August 9.	The attached document had no changes and is considered the final ISO file.. Thanks to EVERYONE who helped us with the review!!!!!. Janet, you were extremely helpful and we appreciate all of your time!. !. Let s keep in touch,. Jane. Distribution:. Please see the attached document which includes the final version of the 1999 ISO Review.. As you remember, we submitted to the ISO a draft report as testing issues were unresolved.	As you remember, we submitted to the ISO a draft report as testing issues were unresolved.	Please review the report revisions are in red and let me know if you have any comments by Wednesday, August 9.
Can you please extend deal  254839 to cover flow for 5/20 and 5/21?			Can you please extend deal 254839 to cover flow for 5/20 and 5/21?
With our broker checkout function, could you please look up the following			Hi, With our broker checkout function, could you please look up the following full legal names of the following firms only:
Take a look and see if this is what you need.	The attached is a monthy table w/ a summary of line pressures and production.	The attached is a monthy table w/ a summary of line pressures and production.	Take a look and see if this is what you need.
Could you please extend the deal or have a new one	Daren - Meter 9707 has flow for Oct. 1 1.459mmbtu .. Deal 125786 was used for Sept. 2000.	Deal 125786 was used for Sept. 2000.	Could you please extend the deal or have a new one created?
Please return your comments to Rob Walls  EB 5012  or John Ale  3AC 1023  by Friday at 3:00 pm.	FROM ROB WALLS AND JOHN ALE. First, thank you very much for your prompt responses to our requests for comments on the draft Agreement and Plan of Merger distributed Tuesday and for items that would go on a disclosure schedule.. This has been hard work in a short period.. More hard work is to come.. Although no decision has been made on whether our company wishes to pursue this alternative and, if so, whether acceptable terms can be reached, we have been instructed to be in a position to sign the agreement and deliver the disclosure letter by this Sunday night.. To this end, we are attaching a revised draft of the agreement.. Please review again the provisions of this agreement to see whether there are any further changes to be made.. We are collating the information you have provided for disclosure schedules and will circulate a draft tonight or Friday morning for your further comments.. Note that we are attempting to have the term Subsidiary defined to include only consolidated subsidiaires.. We must be prepared, however, to include some representations about significant off-balance-sheet entities.. Accordingly, as you review drafts of the agreement and the disclosure letter, please note any comments that apply only to unconsolidated entities.	Accordingly, as you review drafts of the agreement and the disclosure letter, please note any comments that apply only to unconsolidated entities.	Please return your comments to Rob Walls EB 5012 or John Ale 3AC 1023 by Friday at 3:00 pm.
Please view this diagram as a supplement to the Administrative Protocols that Mark Ellenberg is finishing up.	Here is a draft diagram that lays out my proposed Transportation Contract Evaluation Process.. I have tried to show the entire span of transportation and pipeline services contracts and how the decision-making would be completed.. Of course, the interruptible agreements would only be rejected/terminated after it was determined that they were no longer needed for commercial purposes.	Of course, the interruptible agreements would only be rejected/terminated after it was determined that they were no longer needed for commercial purposes.	Please view this diagram as a supplement to the Administrative Protocols that Mark Ellenberg is finishing up.
Could you forward them to me by E-mail?	Gerald -- I left you a voice mail regarding the attached amendment to the ECS Agreement.. We would like to get this finalized as soon as possible.. Bascially, the changes just clean up certain terms. necessary as a result of the change of the engineering configuration.. You may recall we discussed some of the necessary changes with you and Mark in Rob Kilmer s office a few weeks ago.. Also -- I have incorporated the June amendment into this document -- so we won t have to keep track of more than one amendment.. Because we changed Compressor Motor to Compressor Driver we need to make this change in the other two documents.. I am uncertain if I have the last version of these documents.	I am uncertain if I have the last version of these documents.	Could you forward them to me by E-mail?
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Jennifer Gaines 3805 W. Beacon Avenue Spokane, WA 99208 jgaines wellsstjohn.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please ensure that you have provided an	TD Waterhouse is now accepting Conditional Offers to purchase shares of Principal Financial Group, Inc, which is expected to price on 10/22/2001.. To read the preliminary prospectus filed with the SEC and place a Conditional Offer, follow these steps: - Login to your account - Click on Trading IPO Center IPO Offerings. In the list of Current Offerings, select the offering you want and then click on the Continue button.. Important Information - Reaffirming Your Conditional Offer. Once the registration statement is declared effective by the SEC, we will contact you via e-mail to notify you of the effectiveness of the registration statement and the price as determined by the managing underwriter.. This normally occurs on the day prior to the first day of trading.. If you still wish to participate, you will be required to respond to us by 3:00 am ET of the following business day to reaffirm your previously submitted Conditional Offer.. Please note that the e-mail notification will likely be sent after the market closes.	Please note that the e-mail notification will likely be sent after the market closes.	Please ensure that you have provided an e-mail address that you are able to access after that time.
Please replace figure 9 in the Falcon Sanction Document with the attached			Please replace figure 9 in the Falcon Sanction Document with the attached page.
have not returned this already, can you  please read and fax it to my	Andreas,. Am I entitled to bringing one delegate as a guest, free of charge?. Some conferences offer such privileges.. Vince. Dear GARP 2001 Speaker ?. This is just a quick note to keep you up-to-date with developments at the GARP 2001 Convention, which will be held in New York between 12th and 15th February, 2001. ?. Thus far, GARP 2001 looks set to far exceed our expectations and GARP 2000.. There has been a great deal of interest in the 2001 Convention.. Delegate bookings have been much higher than this time last year.. As a result, we are set to far exceed the number of delegates that attention earlier this year.. The three workshops and the one-day Asset Management Forum are also very well received and will probably reach full capacity.. I will of course provide you with much fuller details closer to the time of the event.. ?. Regarding the event itself, I would like a few outstanding issues: ?. 1.. Presentations: can you please e-mail your presentation to me by 15th December, so that I have enough time to reproduce them and place them in a delegate pack for the Convention.. Given the break of the Christmas and New York period, and that the event is being held in New York, I am sure you can appreciate that there are certain logistical factors that need to be taken into account, hence the reason why the presentations are required as soon as possible .. This is purely for reproduction, we also request you bring your presentation to the Convention on the day in either a floppy disc or a laptop.. ?. 2.. Audio-Visual Requirements: can you please inform me of what audio-visual requirements you may have 35mm slides; OHP; LCD projection - notably PowerPoint .. ?. 3.. Check list: I have attached a check list for your information.	Check list: I have attached a check list for your information.	If you have not returned this already, can you please read and fax it to my colleague, Claire as soon as possible.
Please Call x3-3838 or 281-858-8543 for details.	1989 Full Size Ford Bronco Eddie Baurer 4x4 Black with Tan Accent two tone paint Tan Interior 83,000 miles 302 Engine Automatic New A C New Tires up Front, rear are 1 year old- Oversized AM FM CASS PW PL New Exhaust Manifolds Push Button 4 wheel drive. Have all records of repairs and maintanence.. Truck has been extremely reliable with the only problem being the A C which I had fixed and converted to R134 in Late August of this year. Blue Book - 6950 Asking - 6199	Blue Book - 6950 Asking - 6199	Please Call x3-3838 or PHONE for details.
Please take a moment to answer the following eight questions on the EWS Key Leadership Survey.			Please take a moment to answer the following eight questions on the EWS Key Leadership Survey.
Book Admin notify me as soon as you get a chance to look at these.	Pete,. I m seeing some trades with your name as Trader which are at extremely high prices.. Transco Z6 vs. Henry Hub trades at prices of 15.6025 from Trade Date of 12/5.. Are these errors?. EOL numbers are 658961 and 658985 both with Reliant .. No confirmation has been sent on these.	No confirmation has been sent on these.	Please have your Book Admin notify me as soon as you get a chance to look at these.
Upon approval and execution, please call me at x33399 to pick up the 20	Attached for your approval is the form of Enron Corp. Guaranty in favor of 20 the referenced Counterparty, which guarantees the obligations of ENA under an 20 ISDA Master Agreement.. We will need the standard executed copy.. In addition, we will need the following closing documents: i Certificat e 20 of Incumbency, ii certified board resolutions of the Policy for Approval of 20 Guarantees 01 Policy 018 , iii certificate by the Treasurer or other au thorized 20 officer certifying coverage of the Guaranty under the Policy, and iv 20 certified copy of Enron Corp. 01,s articles of incorporation and bylaws.	In addition, we will need the following closing documents: i Certificat e 20 of Incumbency, ii certified board resolutions of the Policy for Approval of 20 Guarantees 01 Policy 018 , iii certificate by the Treasurer or other au thorized 20 officer certifying coverage of the Guaranty under the Policy, and iv 20 certified copy of Enron Corp. 01,s articles of incorporation and bylaws.	Upon approval and execution, please call me at x33399 to pick up the 20 documents.
Please review and comment.	Attached is the revised version of the Proprietary Rights provision of the LOU.	Attached is the revised version of the Proprietary Rights provision of the LOU.	Please review and comment.
call me to discuss as soon as possible.	Jeff, Dan, Alan:. Please see the discussion below regarding the physical contracts.	Please see the discussion below regarding the physical contracts.	Please call me to discuss as soon as possible.
Please review and if acceptable,	Mark, Attached are drafts of the confirms.	Mark, Attached are drafts of the confirms.	Please review and if acceptable, please forward.
In any event, in the future, please call me on the telephone  BEFORE	Karen,. It appears to me that revisions were made to this agreement, and the agreement was presented to the counterparty for signature without me being consulted.. Perhaps you did email this to me and I can t locate the electonic file.	Perhaps you did email this to me and I can t locate the electonic file.	In any event, in the future, please call me on the telephone BEFORE revisions are made to documents and presented to the counterparty.
Please mark your calendars, as we	please get on calendar. To commemorate the launch of our business activities and the opening of our office operations in Tokyo, Enron Japan requests the honor of your presence at a grand opening ceremony and reception.	To commemorate the launch of our business activities and the opening of our office operations in Tokyo, Enron Japan requests the honor of your presence at a grand opening ceremony and reception.	Please mark your calendars, as we are scheduled to celebrate this new venture on Tuesday, October 31, 2000, 6:30 to 8:30 p.m., Hotel Okura, Akebono Room, in Tokyo.
Can you set up a phone interview with him.	Shirley,	Shirley,	Can you set up a phone interview with him.
If it works for you please send me a	Shmuel,. The date of our trip to Berkeley has been set.. It will be October 16th and 17th Monday and Tuesday .. I shall be glad to make a presentation on energy derivatives markets development of the markets in the US and Europe, valuation difficulties, Enron s role in developing the forward markets for natural gas and electricity .. Please, let me know if this topic would be of interest to you.. If this is the case, I shall follow with a title and an abstract.. By the way, are you free for dinner on Monday?. Vince. Great.. Our seminars are 3:30 to 5PM.	Our seminars are 3:30 to 5PM.	If it works for you please send me a title and abstract.
Should you have any questions please give me a call.	Attached is a draft of as Master Agreement between Giant Industries Inc. and ENA.	Attached is a draft of as Master Agreement between Giant Industries Inc. and ENA.	Should you have any questions please give me a call.
Please book me SF/NYC round trip,leaving Tues 8.2.01 at 9:15 am, returning on	Hi.	Hi.	Please book me SF/NYC round trip,leaving Tues 8.2.01 at 9:15 am, returning on sunday taking the 4:15 pm from NYC.
please add Stephanie McGinnis to the email.			please add Stephanie McGinnis to the email.
process, please call the PEP Help Desk at the following numbers:	NOTE: YOU WILL RECEIVE THIS MESSAGE EACH TIME YOU ARE SELECTED AS A REVIEWER.. You have been selected to participate in the Mid-Year 2000 Performance Management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee s that have been identified for you.. Your feedback plays an important role in the performance management process, and your participation is very critical to the success of Enron s Performance Management goals.. Please provide feedback on the employee s listed below by accessing the Performance Management System PEP and completing an online feedback form as described in the Performance Management Quick Reference Guide .. You may begin your feedback input immediately.. Please have all feedback forms completed by the date noted below.	Please have all feedback forms completed by the date noted below.	If you have any questions regarding PEP or your responsibility in the process, please call the PEP Help Desk at the following numbers:
Please print out this memo with attachments and place it in the Calpine			Please print out this memo with attachments and place it in the Calpine lawsuit file
Please contact him and arrange his travel.	Hi Darlene:. Vince Kaminski and the Research Group would like to bring Todd Perry in for an interview.. They have already had a telephone interview and feel like he may be a good fit somewhere in the Research Group.. A copy of his resume is attached.. He will be able to come on Friday, June 2.	He will be able to come on Friday, June 2.	Please contact him and arrange his travel.
Note: For mailing list removal please reply with the	The EASIEST way to have your business income increase is simply by allowing your customers to purchase using their credit cards.. Visa, Master Card, Discover, American Express, you name it!. How?. Through a business Merchant Account!. NO SETUP FEES / LOW MONTHLY COST. We provide EVERYTHING you need to get started.. There are different packages to chose from and all are fully customizeable.. Hardware and Software to suit YOUR needs!. This offer applies to almost everyone, including retail or online, personal or business.. Regardless of whom your customers are you can use a merchant account to accept payment from them quickly and securely.. To obtain free information, please speak with one of our sales reps.. Reply to this email with your full name, phone number and any other info like best time to call or comments.. You will be contacted shortly by someone from our knowledgeable staff.. Your contact information will NOT be used for any purposes other than Merchant Accounts.. Thank you for your time.	Thank you for your time.	Note: For mailing list removal please reply with the word Remove in the subject line of the email.
Please, give me a call Tuesday morning and I shall  carve out	John,. I shall be traveling Thu and Fri this week and Mon and Tue next week.	I shall be traveling Thu and Fri this week and Mon and Tue next week.	Please, give me a call Tuesday morning and I shall carve out an hour from my schedule to discuss the paper.
to the goal, but need your help to reach the top!	This is the last week of the Who Wants to Help Millions?. United Way 2000 Campaign.	United Way 2000 Campaign.	We are close to the goal, but need your help to reach the top!
Can you call her at 215/684-6630.	Raquel Guzman, the lawyer for the referenced counterparty called again, and she is going on vacation next week and wants to get that ETA finalized so they can start trading when she s out.. She seems to feel the way the ETA is written that they are responsible for all unauthorized use of the password, including hackers into the system, and wants the language limited to use caused by their fault or negligence.	She seems to feel the way the ETA is written that they are responsible for all unauthorized use of the password, including hackers into the system, and wants the language limited to use caused by their fault or negligence.	Can you call her at 215/ PHONE .
Give me a call.	Per our conversations.	Per our conversations.	Give me a call.
Send me stuff on Wolfe s performance this year and where you would rank him.			Send me stuff on Wolfe s performance this year and where you would rank him.
add other participants from your company to this distribution list, please	Dear GISB Member,. Please find the attached ballot to record your vote on the ratification of the set of recommended modifications to GISB standards adopted by the Executive Committee EC on February 10, April 13 and June 15.. To record your vote, please fill out page two of this communication and either email gisb aol.com or fax it PHONE to our office by July 31.. The EC voting record for each of these new standards, modifications to existing standards, interpretations or deletions of standards is contained within the EC minutes of February 10, April 13 and June 15.. The EC minutes can be found on the GISB home page www.gisb.org , as can the requests, recommendations, and related subcommittee and task force minutes.. Transcripts of the EC meetings where these recommendations were discussed can be ordered from Ms. Jane Copeland of Ak/Ret Reporting.. Please feel free to call the GISB office if you have any difficulty retrieving this information.. Best Regards, GISB Office. The GISB organization follows a privacy policy, which does not permit distribution of contact information.. If you are on the GISB Primary Member distribution list and would like to be removed, please email such request to the GISB office and your email address will be removed.	If you are on the GISB Primary Member distribution list and would like to be removed, please email such request to the GISB office and your email address will be removed.	If you would like to add other participants from your company to this distribution list, please also email such request to the GISB office.
call me when you get this			call me when you get this
Please forward the formal documentation to Reagan so that the transfer to East Power can take place.	Kim, we would like to extend a formal offer to Reagan J. Mathews who is currently working for Enron Broadband.	Kim, we would like to extend a formal offer to Reagan J. Mathews who is currently working for Enron Broadband.	Please forward the formal documentation to Reagan so that the transfer to East Power can take place.
Please take a look at it and provide me with your comments.	Attached is a draft presentation for credit agencies regarding TW.	Attached is a draft presentation for credit agencies regarding TW.	Please take a look at it and provide me with your comments.
As per my email request yesterday evening, can you confirm who determined	Sara:. 1.. Ms. Lewis information does not appear to be in the lotus notes entry for ECI-Bear that I have used for the past two weeks.. If you are certain, please point out or forward.. 2.. You indicated in our meeting in my office that someone represented that Bear does not need the standard accompanying documents to open the account.	You indicated in our meeting in my office that someone represented that Bear does not need the standard accompanying documents to open the account.	As per my email request yesterday evening, can you confirm who determined this if it was not you so that I know what is going on and what I can represent in talking with the people at Bear?
intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us	Attached is the handout for the compliance program.. Let me know if you need anything additional.. Regards,. Cathy. This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential.	This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential.	If you are not the intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us immediately.
Also,  please send me contact information at Northern Border so I can get	Tracy and Ron;. Attached is a unsigned copy of the software license between Adaytum and Enron.. I am forwarding for your information.. The first page shows the software quantities licensed by Enron.. Of note, is the license provides for 55 Analyst licenses.	Of note, is the license provides for 55 Analyst licenses.	Also, please send me contact information at Northern Border so I can get them started with training etc.
WHEN THE NEW STARTER ARRIVES, PLEASE CALL EUROPEAN	NT Logon information for European IT Support. The following person is a new starter:. Network and Notes Account have been created for them.. Network accounts have been set so that they will have to change their passwords at first logon.. Notes IDs have also been copied into their H: Lotus Notes4 Data directories.. The Notes default password is notespassword!. This will need to be synchronised with their NT account.. Please review the network access specified above and inform European NT Administration via Notes Mail if further network access is required or if the access given is incorrect in any way.. The Notes mail file for this new account is located on n/a.. PLEASE NOTE: IN ORDER TO MAINTAIN NETWORK SECURITY THESE ACCOUNTS ARE CURRENTLY DISABLED.	PLEASE NOTE: IN ORDER TO MAINTAIN NETWORK SECURITY THESE ACCOUNTS ARE CURRENTLY DISABLED.	WHEN THE NEW STARTER ARRIVES, PLEASE CALL EUROPEAN RESOLUTION CENTER ON Ext 36777 TO ACTIVATE THE ACCOUNT.
Fred - Please coordinate with Kay and schedule something with Becky	Fred / Kay:. I spoke to Duran this morning, and he and I would like to meet together with us to discuss the Midway project and whether or not we will be able to utilize TurboPark Phase 2.. I previously told him that because of timing considerations and because there may be certain agreements that will be difficult to make TurboPark compliant such as the attached interconnect agreement from FPL , that Phase 2 may not be practical for purposes of this project.. I think this would be a good discussion to have on Friday, because we should have more information on the GE7FAs and should have already spoken with TECO on their proposed MOU and maybe even the tolling agreement .. What are your schedules on Friday?. I also would like to schedule a call for tomorrow with TECO to go over the MOU.	I also would like to schedule a call for tomorrow with TECO to go over the MOU.	Fred - Please coordinate with Kay and schedule something with Becky Alex.
Can you please get a contact name and phone number for this counterparty from			Can you please get a contact name and phone number for this counterparty from Mike Swerzbin as soon as possible?
call me at home.	Stinson and Vince,. I finalized the presentation for John Lavorato, he said he is ready to present it to Greg.. He is happy with the work we provided.. I will be on vocation starting next week.. I attached the simulation models here in case that you need them.. The OC version deals with open-close trading and CC version deals with continuous trading.	The OC version deals with open-close trading and CC version deals with continuous trading.	Should you have any questions, or need to run different scenarios, please call me at home.
Can you add yourself to my rolodex?			Can you add yourself to my rolodex?
Will you please review the attached and initial if you approve the way it reads?			Michelle, Will you please review the attached and initial if you approve the way it reads?
ning     please call Syncrasy at  IMAGE 713 228 4407for more information	09. IMAGE Syncrasy, LLC? PHONE Off PHONE Fax 909 Tex as Avenue Suite 1314 Houston, TX 77002 www.syncrasy.com S ales: PHONE Development Offices: PHONE Off PHONE Fax 835 Main Avenue Suite 221 Durango, CO 81301 09 09 IMAGE Complimentary version of Trader Summary from Syncrasy, LLC and APB Energy Inc.	PHONE Off PHONE Fax 909 Tex as Avenue Suite 1314 Houston, TX 77002 www.syncrasy.com S ales: PHONE Development Offices: PHONE Off PHONE Fax 835 Main Avenue Suite 221 Durango, CO 81301 09 09 IMAGE Complimentary version of Trader Summary from Syncrasy, LLC and APB Energy Inc.	IMAGE - If you would like to receive this product early in the mor ning please call Syncrasy at IMAGE PHONE for more information or send an email to subscribe TraderSummary syncrasy.com IMAGE - If you would like to be added to this daily email list please send an ema il to TraderSummaryemail syncrasy.com IMAGE - If you would like to be r emoved from this daily email please reply to this email with the words CANCEL or send an email to cancel tradersummary syncrasy.com Data la st updated: Monday, Dec 24, 2001 at 07:37AM EST IMAGE Congratulations A ndy Weingarten, APB Energy!
Governor Davis  office, but please us me as the Dynegy contact person.	Steve,	Steve,	Dynegy has not yet decided how it will proceed on the working group with Governor Davis office, but please us me as the Dynegy contact person.
Please give me a call at 31477 should you have	As we prepare for the Mid-Year PRC process, please reserve Tuesday June 5, 2001 all day on your calendar for the HR Functional PRC meeting.. Since we will review exempt level employees only, please extend this information to those employees who will be representing others.. In preparing for the logistics of the meeting, please let me know if you will conference in.. All efforts will be made to secure video conferencing.. Details are forthcoming.	Details are forthcoming.	Please give me a call at 31477 should you have questions.
Daren - Can you set up new deals for meter 6757 and 5192?			Daren - Can you set up new deals for meter 6757 and 5192?
Could you review the comments of	Clement:. Attached to the e-mail I am forwarding you will find the Enron Guaranty Agreement that was forwarded to Altrade.	Attached to the e-mail I am forwarding you will find the Enron Guaranty Agreement that was forwarded to Altrade.	Could you review the comments of Altrade and respond.
Would you please give me the status of this review?	Stephanie - Attached are NJNG s comments on your guaranty.. Please review and let me know if these changes are acceptable.. Please note, the guaranty references the ISDA.. I submitted comments to you on 9/24/01 for an ISDA/CSA between our companies.	I submitted comments to you on 9/24/01 for an ISDA/CSA between our companies.	Would you please give me the status of this review?
Can you mail me when you get it?	Sorry, it was on the slow boat, in interroffice mail back from Steve, I just got it.. I ll fax a copy back to the company today and follow with an original by fedex this everning.. Thanks.	Thanks.	Can you mail me when you get it?
1.  Put the notes in a word document and save it with the following naming scheme			-Origin: GERMANY-C X-FileName: chris germany 6-25-02.pst
Please take a look	Steven/Chris -. Please find attached this week s status report.. As discussed, we have changed the format, so that we can capture all tasks on an ongoing basis, and be able to monitor progress and assign priorities.	As discussed, we have changed the format, so that we can capture all tasks on an ongoing basis, and be able to monitor progress and assign priorities.	Please take a look and let me know if there is any additional information you need to see, or if there are any enhancements that you require.
Please get this for Mark.	AA is all over me today.	AA is all over me today.	Please get this for Mark.
Please respond to Dear Mr. Kaminski,			Please respond to Dear Mr. Kaminski,
Could you please tell me when they will	My flowers have not been delivered.	My flowers have not been delivered.	Could you please tell me when they will be delivered?
identify yourself, please submit your name and phone number with your lette	20 This is to remind you that various anonymous reporting facilities are 20 available for you to report violations of Company policy and suspected 20 criminal conduct by any officer, employee, or agent of the Company relating 20 to the performance of his or her duties.. These reporting facilities are al so 20 available for your questions, messages, comments, and suggestions.. Any policy violation or criminal conduct may be reported by letter, E-mail , 20 or voice mail, as set forth below, describing the suspected violation or 20 criminal conduct with as much detail as possible to allow the Company to 20 conduct an investigation of the reported matter.. 1. Letters should be sent to the Confidential Post Office Box: 20. Enron Compliance Officer Confidential - Conduct of Business Affairs 20 P. O.. Box 1188 20 Houston, Texas PHONE . 2.. E-mails should be sent to the Office of the Chairman 01,s E-mail box: 20 Employees with Enron E-mail can access this box by sending an E-mail to the 20 Office of the Chairman.. Simply type 01 Office of the Chairman 018 in the address 20 box, type your message, and send.. Your message will be completely 20 anonymous.. If, however, you copy your message and E-mail it to someone els e, 20 the copy will not be anonymous.. 20. 3.. Voice mail messages should be left with the Office of the Chairman 20 PhoneMail Box.. You can access the Office of the Chairman PhoneMail Box by 20 calling PHONE .. If you call from your extension or an outside line , 20 your message will be completely anonymous.. If, however, you access the 20 PhoneMail Box while you are in the PhoneMail system, your message will not be 20 anonymous.. You may, but are not required to, identify yourself.	You may, but are not required to, identify yourself.	If you would like to 20 identify yourself, please submit your name and phone number with your lette r 20 or message.
Get back to me when you get a chance and we ll try and set	Hey Darren,. I wanted to try and touch and base with you before my arrival in London.. I talked to Emily late last week and she seemed to think Friday night was a good night to try and get together.. I know you have a bunch of people that are going to be in London this weekend, but maybe we could just make it one big group outing.	I know you have a bunch of people that are going to be in London this weekend, but maybe we could just make it one big group outing.	Get back to me when you get a chance and we ll try and set something up.
Can you handle this for me?	Kathleen,. John Keffer, Bill Parrish and Andy Schifrin need access to Midway on Deal Bench.	John Keffer, Bill Parrish and Andy Schifrin need access to Midway on Deal Bench.	Can you handle this for me?
If you d like a copy please send me your fax number.	Greetings: n order to keep everyone in the loop, the folks on today s call wanted to send out a brief summary of the call for the benefit of those who couldn t make it.. Apologies for any omissions, inaccuracies, etc.. Others who were on the call please chime in if I ve gotten anything wrong, or missed anything.. Best, Jeff. SUMMARY Enron, Duke, El Paso and Williams were on the call, as was Michael Hoffman of the Blackstone Group the Governor s financial advisors .. On the subject of how the group would organize itself, it was agreed that the calls would be open to anyone who wanted to participate.. A smaller group consisting of Duke, El Paso, Enron, and Williams would take the lead on walking the halls of Sacramento, meeting with policy makers, and advocating whatever plan the group develops.. Folks agreed that achieving a comprehesive solution requires a tangible process; that is, the principals need to get in a room, face to face, for however long it takes to work out a resolution.. It was agreed that the process should start no later than the beginning of next week, and that it should take place in Sacramento.. It was decided that the Legislature and the Attorney General needed to be brought into the process as soon as possible, i.e., next week.. There was some discussion regarding the release today of Plan B.. Plan B is a plan proposed by Democratic and Republican legislators as an alternative to the MOU that the Governor struck with Edison.. After that call I received a copy of Plan B.	After that call I received a copy of Plan B.	If you d like a copy please send me your fax number.
Please reference the order tracking number.	Dear Mr. LARRY CAMPBELL:. Thank you for your order.. You bought 130 shares of JNPR Juniper Networks Inc Com at PHONE 00.. ORDER DETAILS: The tracking number for this order is: B-300-AAZO-4506 Order entered at: 09:08:51 on 12/05/00 Order processing began at: 09:08:51 Order executed at: 09:08:52 on 12/05/00. You will receive a printed Datek Online confirmation by postal mail, or by electronic delivery if you are subscribed to that service.. Questions regarding this transaction?. Contact our Customer Support department by e-mailing support datek.com.	Contact our Customer Support department by e-mailing support datek.com.	Please reference the order tracking number.
Please, see if you can get this article.	Zimin,. I have a copy of the article.. I agree with you.. The model is essentially the same in intentions .. I shall distributed the copy of the paper to the trades here.. It explains well the logic behind the model and it s an independent source.. Vince. Vince,. I got the article.. I can make a copy for you when I get back.. The article is pretty much for marketing purpose.. My reading from that paper is as follows:. 1. solve optimal exercise bounday using stocastic DP; 2. runing price trajectory to tracking storage level to give average storage cycling;. Our model addresses the same issues, althrough maybe the implementation is not quite the same.. I will fax to you if I can find the article here.. Regards,. Zimin. Zimin,. There was an interesting article on gas storage modeling by people from Camminus in the March issue of Energy and Power Risk Management.	There was an interesting article on gas storage modeling by people from Camminus in the March issue of Energy and Power Risk Management.	Please, see if you can get this article.
Please call  Tom Donohoe at 713-853-7151.	The following are Enron s offers for May 200 supplies. Trunkline ELA base 3000 3.065. Panhandle Field Base 10,000 Index less .0075. NGPL Midcontinent base 11,000 Index less .0075. NICOR City Gate Base 3,000 Index 0.	NICOR City Gate Base 3,000 Index 0.	Please call Tom Donohoe at PHONE .
absence please call Jackie Young   3-9497.	I will be on vacation Friday, March 24th,27th,28th and maybe 29th.	I will be on vacation Friday, March 24th,27th,28th and maybe 29th.	In my absence please call Jackie Young 3-9497.
Take a look at this and let me know if you have further comments.			Take a look at this and let me know if you have further comments.
please calendar.  thanks.			please calendar.
process, please call the PEP Help Desk at the following numbers:	NOTE: YOU WILL RECEIVE THIS MESSAGE EACH TIME YOU ARE SELECTED AS A REVIEWER.. You have been selected to participate in the Mid-Year 2000 Performance Management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee s that have been identified for you.. Your feedback plays an important role in the performance management process, and your participation is very critical to the success of Enron s Performance Management goals.. Please provide feedback on the employee s listed below by accessing the Performance Management System PEP and completing an online feedback form as described in the Performance Management Quick Reference Guide .. You may begin your feedback input immediately.. Please have all feedback forms completed by the date noted below.	Please have all feedback forms completed by the date noted below.	If you have any questions regarding PEP or your responsibility in the process, please call the PEP Help Desk at the following numbers:
Please respond to foothillservices			Gary Ackerman foothillservices mindspring.com 06/08/2001 03:39 AM Please respond to foothillservices To: webmaster charlotte wptf.org cc: Subject: WPTF Friday Meter Weeder Burrito
Please also revise the the trader list for both the ENA  add Peter Schluter	Stephanie, reminder that we will need these documents tomorrow.. Cheryl Nelson Senior Counsel EB38 PHONE . Hi Stephanie, I will get the final version of ECT - Goldman International agreement by the end of the day onThursday and there is a lot of pressure to get it executed right away.. Tomorrow can you prepare and execute the accompanying documents.. For ECT s Authorized Traders List, you need to add Mark Schlueter doublecheck spelling and phone number to the list of traders.. This is a HIGH priority.	This is a HIGH priority.	Please also revise the the trader list for both the ENA add Peter Schluter and ECT add Mark in order to execute the Deutsche Bank agreements we discussed today.
Ray and Keith, please talk to Gary Zahn and	I think the safest and most efficient way to comply with this request is to have Keith and Ray briefed and ready to answer all FERC s questions without deferring any to other people.	I think the safest and most efficient way to comply with this request is to have Keith and Ray briefed and ready to answer all FERC s questions without deferring any to other people.	Ray and Keith, please talk to Gary Zahn and make sure you are up to speed on everything FERC has asked for and focused on so far.
Kim, please send me an AMTEL at 1:00pm on 4/24/2000   REMIND ANGIE TO REDUCE	Angie, this is not anything to worry about right now.. When you estimate your flowing volumes for May, you need to decrease the total volume at Hastings by 3000 dth.. I will try to remind you.	I will try to remind you.	Kim, please send me an AMTEL at 1:00pm on 4/24/2000 REMIND ANGIE TO REDUCE HASTINGS BY 3,000 FOR MAY
Please update your 2001 budget to incorporate this new iniative.	Dave, I am going to send Shawn your way - he has extensive development, asset and project finance experience.. I would like him under your supervision to manage our coal power development strategy - like we discussed it could be a very robust strategy with multiple exit points.. I strongly believe that coal needs to come back into the stack and that the existing development teams Parquet Jacoby are already buried under mid-stream gas development opportunities.. This would incorporate acquisitions, development, technology, asset sales, emissions credits technology, fuel supply and power sales.	This would incorporate acquisitions, development, technology, asset sales, emissions credits technology, fuel supply and power sales.	Please update your 2001 budget to incorporate this new iniative.
To login please use this URL:	The News Review site, http://www.news-review.co.uk home of Weekend City Press Review, now offers registered users two new features:. All registered users can now:. - do a text search in addition to a company search on the full six-year archive. - and set up favourite companies on their home page for easier and faster access to articles within the Review and the archive which relate to those companies. The best way to keep abreast of the weekend s financial news and views is to receive an email copy of Weekend City Press Review, either via the full Review, or the Clippings relating to specific companies in which you are interested.. Registered users are invited to take up the free offer of a 4 week subscription to any of the services, including PDF delivery of the Review, and the Clippings service.	Registered users are invited to take up the free offer of a 4 week subscription to any of the services, including PDF delivery of the Review, and the Clippings service.	To login please use this URL: http://www.news-review.co.uk/cgi-bin/gen5?runprog wcpr access PHONE 1086 t ype login
Please use the new sheet to schedule california.	Serena,	Serena,	Please use the new sheet to schedule california.
pls review my conclusions and ensure that they are not miss-stated.	Dear Vince,. Firstly, I really appreciate your time and our meeting last week.. Learning about Enron s use of leading-edge practices was quite enlightening and I truly benefited from our visit.. Secondly, I ve summarized my key take-aways as stated below.	Secondly, I ve summarized my key take-aways as stated below.	Before conveying it to my management, however, I really appreciate it if you can pls review my conclusions and ensure that they are not miss-stated.
Mark, Paul can you add further clarification as to the position  particularly	As I understand it from a tax and legal perspectibe transactions booked in ENA should be executed by a trader sitting in Houston.. As far as I am aware there is no brokerage or agency arrangement with either EFT or EnronCredit.com in this regard and therefore traders sitting in London should not execute these transactions independently of the traders sitting in Houston.. From a booking perspective in this type of situation generally a separate trading book should be mainatined by ENA.. It may be acceptable for EnronCredit.com to risk manage ENA s credit derivaties postions provided the requisite service agreement has been put in place - this is really a question for ENA - Mark ?.. I do not know if such a service agreement is in place.. Where a transaction is booked into ENA and not bt-backed with .Com the market risk will reside with ENA - a btb with .Com would be necessary to consolidate the mtm of the ENA credit derivatives business in .Com.. In view of the fact that Bryan is viewing all credit derivatives business as a global book, all credit derivatives business entered into by Enron entities other than EnronCredit.com should be back-to-backed with .Com.. In situations where ENA has sold protection and .Com has bought protection on the same name this internal structure will permit ENA immediately Delivering on the Portfolio of Deliverable Obligations it as received as the Seller of protection to .Com which can in turn can Deliver on to the counterparty it has bought protection from.. As a result all hedged trandsactions should have matched terms regardless of the Enron booking entity.	As a result all hedged trandsactions should have matched terms regardless of the Enron booking entity.	Mark, Paul can you add further clarification as to the position particularly where I haven t hit the mark !
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Meg Daniel 190 East 7th Street 306 New York, NY 10009 meg daniel yahoo.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
When you need something for a project, please come to me first  or whoever	Fred,	Fred,	When you need something for a project, please come to me first or whoever might be the appropriate ENA lawyer .
Please, put on my schedule.	Shirley,	Shirley,	Please, put on my schedule.
Please call to discuss.			Please call to discuss.
Could you please check whether the following HSC Gas Curve reflects our	John,	John,	Could you please check whether the following HSC Gas Curve reflects our forward forecast about two months ago?
Can you please encourage the Credit team to use Lotus Notes to look up the	Tanya,	Tanya,	Can you please encourage the Credit team to use Lotus Notes to look up the status of master swap agreements.
Tom, can you make the T time?	I am on for golf on Saturday if anyone is interested.	I am on for golf on Saturday if anyone is interested.	Tom, can you make the T time?
can you check this out?	PHONE PHONE PHONE PHONE	PHONE PHONE PHONE PHONE	the broker shows the fees on these trades, we have 0. can you check this out?
please call me w any final comments			please call me w any final comments 36349
Jeff, can you speak briefly with Kevin on this one - intriguing idea if the			Jeff, can you speak briefly with Kevin on this one - intriguing idea if the execution was probable.
Please remove her from all	Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.	Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.	Please remove her from all your mail lists.
Please  update my listing for direct reports.			Please update my listing for direct reports.
pls remove me from your distribution list. thanks.			pls remove me from your distribution list.
Please change the last paragraph of the Confirmation to provide that it must			Richard, Please change the last paragraph of the Confirmation to provide that it must be signed by each party and provide signature lines for both parties.
Chris please give Rebecca a	Rebecca, sorry for the delay - I think that Chris Calger who runs our Western development efforts would be very interested.	Rebecca, sorry for the delay - I think that Chris Calger who runs our Western development efforts would be very interested.	Chris please give Rebecca a call.
Please enter the following deal between Enron Direct and ECC.	Chad and Carlos,	Chad and Carlos,	Please enter the following deal between Enron Direct and ECC.
Please review the attached revised non-standard discount letter to Duke	Approved.. DF. Approved, subject to Drew s approval.. TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE COMPANY CONTRACT APPROVAL FORM	TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE COMPANY CONTRACT APPROVAL FORM	Please review the attached revised non-standard discount letter to Duke Energy Trading Marketing DUKE and the associated letter from Transwestern to Duke which outlines the conditions of Transwestern s Contribution in Aid of Construction CIAC payment to Duke for certain facility upgrades.
Could you in the future please put trade dates and book codes on the			Could you in the future please put trade dates and book codes on the spreadsheet?
Please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m., Friday,	Conf call: AT T lines have been reserved.. Please contact Sherri Sera 713/ PHONE or Katherine Brown 713/ PHONE for the weekly dial-in number and passcode.. Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and through what medium.. Yes, I will attend in person X. By video conference from. By conference call. No, I will not attend	No, I will not attend	Please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m., Friday, September 1.
Can you help me answer this question?			Greg: Can you help me answer this question?
Please, send it to me.	Julie,. Yes, this is how we split this expense internally.	Yes, this is how we split this expense internally.	Please, send it to me.
And don t forget to check out	Dear NYTimes.com Member,. When you subscribed to NYTimes.com, you expressed interest in receiving special offers from our advertisers.. Here are five special offers for the holiday season.. Shimmer, Glimmer, and Celebrate at esteelauder.com. Just in time to celebrate the Holiday Season, Estee Lauder introduces Color Preview Holiday 2000.. Tis the season to look at metallics in a whole new light with shades that let you choose which way to shine.	Tis the season to look at metallics in a whole new light with shades that let you choose which way to shine.	And don t forget to check out our Holiday Gift Center for gift ideas that are sure to please anyone on your list.
Give me a call so we can discuss.	Grant,. Can Research in Houston put together a comparison of the long-term volatility curves for gas and power in North America and Europe?. Based on where Europe is marked especially for the UK , I think we ll find a significant difference out beyond 10 years.. Fundamentally, it seems like the long-term vol should be similar for a given commodity regardless of geographic location.. Has Research done any work on this in the past?. If not, we should study this since long-term vol feeds into the VAR-based position limits.	If not, we should study this since long-term vol feeds into the VAR-based position limits.	Give me a call so we can discuss.
Please confirm your attendance by email or voice mail to me by tomorrow, so I	Morris and Elaine are responsible for this area of the ETS world and as such should be there and hopefully will know what this is about.. I have seen nothing on this proposal and probably will not be available, as I have a PRC on that date, out of the office.. Rod,. Are you attending this meeting with Morris and Elaine or just yourself?. Thanks,. Kim 68301. Rod Hayslett. FYI. A meeting concerning the above subject is schedule for 2pm with Stan Horton on Thursday, December 14th.. Please try to arrange your schedules to attend, as Stan s schedule is not flexible.	Please try to arrange your schedules to attend, as Stan s schedule is not flexible.	Please confirm your attendance by email or voice mail to me by tomorrow, so I can provide Cindy Stark with a headcount.
Please comment.	Attached is my redraft of the confirmation.. Janelle needs to fill in some gaps and I have left her a voice mail.	Janelle needs to fill in some gaps and I have left her a voice mail.	Please comment.
Please adjust your calendars to reflect this change.	Original Message. Please Note:. The RAC Training Session for today has been postponed until next Friday, Ju ne 15 1:30pm in EB5C2.	The RAC Training Session for today has been postponed until next Friday, Ju ne 15 1:30pm in EB5C2.	Please adjust your calendars to reflect this change.
I ve left out, please forward it on.	I thought you would enjoy this.. PS bring the magic dollar to lunch!. m. Gentlemen,. I thought that all good Sooners would enjoy this.	I thought that all good Sooners would enjoy this.	If you know of others that I ve left out, please forward it on.
Please put this into a word document.			judy, Please put this into a word document.
Please offer that approval as quickly	Dale:. The product description looks fine to me.. Leslie. This is a follow-up to my e-mail sent earlier.. The Product Type has been built in test and awaits your approval.	The Product Type has been built in test and awaits your approval.	Please offer that approval as quickly as posible, as John Lavoratto is eager to see this offered on EOL.
LONG TERM NUMBERS AND FULL CFTC DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT PLEASE E-MAIL	6/42001 Mon. Notice: If any clients or potential clients that are getting duplicate e-mails just reply to this, and let us know and we will remove the extra recaps.. If anyone feels that they may be receiving these in error please kindly reply to have you removed from the list and we are sorry for any trouble we caused you.	If anyone feels that they may be receiving these in error please kindly reply to have you removed from the list and we are sorry for any trouble we caused you.	IF ANYONE WHO DID NOT GET THE PDF FILE ATTACHMENT SHOWING THE THREE YEAR LONG TERM NUMBERS AND FULL CFTC DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT PLEASE E-MAIL OR CALL TOLL FREE PHONE AND WE WILL RESEND IT RIGHT AWAY
Please reference the order tracking number.	Dear Mr. LARRY CAMPBELL:. Thank you for your order.. You sold 100 shares of PMCS Pmc-sierra Inc Com at PHONE 00.. ORDER DETAILS: The tracking number for this order is: B-300-AAYV-6769 Order entered at: 09:17:06 on 11/13/00 Order processing began at: 09:17:07 Order executed at: 09:17:07 on 11/13/00. You will receive a printed Datek Online confirmation by postal mail, or by electronic delivery if you are subscribed to that service.. Questions regarding this transaction?. Contact our Customer Support department by e-mailing support datek.com.	Contact our Customer Support department by e-mailing support datek.com.	Please reference the order tracking number.
Please look into this city gate production for T   F Operating at			Please look into this city gate production for T F Operating at CPA/PennFuel.
Can you please have Tana clarify if the counterparty wishes to have a new CP			Can you please have Tana clarify if the counterparty wishes to have a new CP name set up as Northern Illinois Gas Company d/b/a Nicor Gas Company which it sounds like or if they will make financial trades under Northern Illinois Gas Company since Nicor Gas Company is the physical trading entity .
Please provide your comments to me by noon, Monday, July 17 to incorporate	Beth and Ellen - I would like to re-emphasize my concern about comparing 2q to 1q, instead of the normal 2q current year to 2q last year.. Analysts, media etc.. will be expecting the year over year comparison.. Secondly, I strongly suggest taking out the conference call reference - you will end up with media and others on the call.. You can notify the analysts seperately by putting a note on FirstCall.. Thanks.. MEK. Attached is a VERY ROUGH first draft of the NBP 2Q earnings and distribution declaration press release and financial table.. We have made several changes to the format, based on comments and requests from previous releases.. First, we are comparing 2Q to 1Q 2000 in the opening paragraph, as the comparison is more favorable.. We do mention 2Q 2000 to 2Q 1999 further down in the body of the release.. We have also added operating cash flow per unit at the suggestion of one of our executive staff.. Finally, we have added a paragraph detailing the analyst conference call at the suggestion of our Investor Relations group.	Finally, we have added a paragraph detailing the analyst conference call at the suggestion of our Investor Relations group.	Please provide your comments to me by noon, Monday, July 17 to incorporate into the second draft.
Can you take a look at this and let me know what we officialized instead of			Can you take a look at this and let me know what we officialized instead of these.
please confirm .	Hi Kristy, please track down electronic form of the four students that we interviewed 2 stanford, 2 MIT .. If you need help, feel free to talk to Vince to find out which one he has etc....	If you need help, feel free to talk to Vince to find out which one he has etc....	Vince, there will be Salal from MIT coming in March 5th I think, Kristy please confirm .
Jacoby and Ed McMichael before Friday - please follow up.			Janet, need 2000 accomplishments and Enron resume/deal anthology for Ben Jacoby and Ed McMichael before Friday - please follow up.
Please ask Jeff to contact trader.	I ve handed this over to Jeff Richter, who will speak with his contact at Aquila to sort this out.. We were both confused about the discrepancy, however, because if the deal didn t exist there would have been problems in scheduling on Oct. 12; and so far we haven t heard anything.. I m sorry this didn t get taken care of more quickly, but Jeff was in a meeting this afternoon.. Thanks, Kate. Kate, Aquila noted on our confirmation, that they DO NOT KNOW TRADE IN SYSTEM.. Lisa Robinson back office at Aquila said she asked her trader and he does not know trade.	Lisa Robinson back office at Aquila said she asked her trader and he does not know trade.	Please ask Jeff to contact trader.
Please bring this coupon and present it only to Danny Olive at the	Dear Kevin,. In an effort to meet your needs, for end of the month sales, the Internet Department at Joe Myers Ford is prepared to offer you an additional 200 reduction to our consistent minimum fleet prices-- Today Tomorrow 8/30-8/31!. !. Appointments will be scheduled:Call or email Danny Olive, Internet Sales Manager and your individual requests will be addressed! PHONE or PHONE direct line.. e-mail address danny.olive joemyersforddirect.com mailto:danny.olive joemyersforddirect.com	e-mail address danny.olive joemyersforddirect.com mailto:danny.olive joemyersforddirect.com	Please bring this coupon and present it only to Danny Olive at the time of purchase.
please print all - thanks			please print all - thanks
please read it carefully and get me your comments.	Vince,. I have added a lot of material to fill in the wholes and would like your reaction to the current draft.	I have added a lot of material to fill in the wholes and would like your reaction to the current draft.	I am still not very happy with the risk management segment primarily as a result of my own lack of knowledge so please read it carefully and get me your comments.
version, please send an e-mail to lyris lists.michbar.org?	If you cannot read today s e-Journal, please visit this link:?	If you cannot read today s e-Journal, please visit this link:?	20 http://www.michbar.org/e-journal/052301.html Or to receive a plain text 20 version, please send an e-mail to lyris lists.michbar.org?
Please review for correctness/completeness and reply to John Dazey ...	Please note changes below for Jeff and Jeffrey Skilling.. The following is a list of participant names, phone numbers, e-mail addresses from today s first session.	The following is a list of participant names, phone numbers, e-mail addresses from today s first session.	Please review for correctness/completeness and reply to John Dazey ... ASAP!
Check out the E-Flyer below and let me know what s up.			Check out the E-Flyer below and let me know what s up.
it useful, please notify me to cancel your ID.	Mark:. Thanks for your patience!. You now have a Lexis CertiFinder ID : and the URL to log on to CertiFINDER is http://www.lexis-nexis.com/certifinder.. I have attached a CertiFinder user guide FYI.. Lexis CertiFinder is a new service not covered in our current Enron contract.. While Enron is not ready to cover CertiFinder in its global contract, I initiated a new service agreement for 34 legal people who have signed up for 9/27 training to access the service.. The flat rate is set as 42 per ID per month for unlimited usage.. Lexis defers billing to 1/2001.. Basically, You are given two month free trial.. If you find it useful and would like to keep the ID, I ll start billing you, 1/2001.	If you find it useful and would like to keep the ID, I ll start billing you, 1/2001.	If you don t find it useful, please notify me to cancel your ID.
Please give me a call at your earliest convenience to discuss.	As you may know, Transwestern and Northern entered into corporate separateness agreements as part of the recently completed 1 billion secured financing.. The gist of those agreements is that the ETS family of companies is subject to new restrictions on their interaction with the rest of Enron.. To assure compliance with these new obligations, I d like to remove ETS personel from the OPI structure.. I don t have the full slate of officers and directors in front of me, but I do recall that Dave Neubauer took my old job as OPI president, and I believe Mary Kay Miller and several other ETS folks are still officers and/or directors.	I don t have the full slate of officers and directors in front of me, but I do recall that Dave Neubauer took my old job as OPI president, and I believe Mary Kay Miller and several other ETS folks are still officers and/or directors.	Please give me a call at your earliest convenience to discuss.
could you also forward me you current biography.	I have made some arrangements with our printer in Sydney and I am able to send presentations to them, up until and including Thursday 29 June.. Please send me your presentation by return, or let me know when I will be receiving it.	Please send me your presentation by return, or let me know when I will be receiving it.	could you also forward me you current biography.
so could you explain the 4 year Statute of Limitations.			Howard, I believe the contract reads that we have up to 2 years to re-invoice so could you explain the 4 year Statute of Limitations.
please set the exhibits up as a separate electronic file.	Hi Pete,. Here s the contract we discussed on the telephone.	Here s the contract we discussed on the telephone.	To make life easier, please set the exhibits up as a separate electronic file.
Can you also get the view capability to	Davis Minns, Robert McGrory, and Alison Keogh in the Australia Legal Office, and Jane McBride and Yo Yamanishi in the Japan Legal office need full edit access to the Financial Trading Agreement Database in Lotus Notes.. Can you let me know when this has happened.	Can you let me know when this has happened.	Can you also get the view capability to the Legal Online Trading Database.
Please click into the weekly report template and add your information using	Dear All	Dear All	Please click into the weekly report template and add your information using the current format:
Would you please cc me with it so that I m sure I ve got the latest draft?	Marie,. Please forward to Cindy and ask her to call me to discuss.	Please forward to Cindy and ask her to call me to discuss.	Would you please cc me with it so that I m sure I ve got the latest draft?
Please enroll through the Development Center  Ernie   or contact the Help	April and May Course Schedule. April 11 - Meeting Leadership Challenges 12 - Working Styles: Working with People Effectively 13 - Coaching For Performance 13 - Motivating for Results 13 14 - Power Marketing 18 - Effective Interviewing Skills 2 - 4 hour sessions 18 19 - Basics of Risk Management 26 27 - Applied Finance. May 11 12 - Derivatives II 16 17 - Derivatives III 16 - Working Styles: Working with People Effectively 17 - Coaching For Performance 17 - Moving from Conflict to Collaboration 17 - Delegating and Directing 17 - Influencing for Win-Win Outcomes 18 - Motivating for Results 18 - Building High Performance Teams 18 19 - Wellhead to BurnerTip 23 24 - Basics of Risk Management 25 26 - Fundamentals of Corporate Finance 31 - Franklin Covey - Time Management	May 11 12 - Derivatives II 16 17 - Derivatives III 16 - Working Styles: Working with People Effectively 17 - Coaching For Performance 17 - Moving from Conflict to Collaboration 17 - Delegating and Directing 17 - Influencing for Win-Win Outcomes 18 - Motivating for Results 18 - Building High Performance Teams 18 19 - Wellhead to BurnerTip 23 24 - Basics of Risk Management 25 26 - Fundamentals of Corporate Finance 31 - Franklin Covey - Time Management	Please enroll through the Development Center Ernie or contact the Help desk at PHONE .
Please send comments and revisions.	Following our meeting with Gary today, Scott and I prepared the following work plan.. Hopefully, this reflects the conversation and planning in today s meetings.	Hopefully, this reflects the conversation and planning in today s meetings.	Please send comments and revisions.
Please schedule Robert Cummings for an interview.			Please schedule Robert Cummings for an interview.
Please prepare language per terms of the attached credit worksheet and 20			Please prepare language per terms of the attached credit worksheet and 20 provide such language to Barry T. and Kim W. for review.
8. MORTGAGES ON MULTEXPF: Take a look at the different investment			From today s special weekend edition of the Daily Update, you ll find perspectives on life insurance, exchange-traded index funds, and about investing in real estate.
If so, please forward to me.	Please, please keep Dave out of it.. Note to follow.. Ken Smith mentioned that Dave Parquet sent out an email about this issue -- do either of you have a copy of it?	Ken Smith mentioned that Dave Parquet sent out an email about this issue -- do either of you have a copy of it?	If so, please forward to me.
Can you please prepare a confidentiality agreement for these folks - I	G	G	Can you please prepare a confidentiality agreement for these folks - I thought we would want to send our.
Please also provide updates of No.2 and LPG inventories.	Oscar,	Oscar,	Please also provide updates of No.2 and LPG inventories.
Could you print the attached Adobe Acrobat file and give copies to:	Hey Kate,	Hey Kate,	Could you print the attached Adobe Acrobat file and give copies to:
Please review and respond.	Tom Moran has pre-approved the counterparties on the attached spreadsheet for US Freight Markets.	Tom Moran has pre-approved the counterparties on the attached spreadsheet for US Freight Markets.	Please review and respond.
Please review the below language for  threshold  and  credit rating .	Ed,	Ed,	Please review the below language for threshold and credit rating .
Could you please point me in the right direction for that?	Mark, Rob. My apologies for adding to your burden at this difficult time.. However hopefully this might clarify our discussions of yesterday and enable us all to move on quickly.. Enron Europe and its directors are facing two related issues:. 1.. Continuing to trade. The directors of EEL and its subsids have to be satisfied that there is a reasonable prospect of avoiding an insolvent liquidation.. This is a fairly low hurdle to pass and, in our situation, calls made on Corp. for cash have been promptly met and we have read the news today of a new confirmed facility so we already have a fair degree of comfort.. The directors meet with independent counsel tomorrow but I believe that they will probably come out of that session asking for nothing more than a confirmation, by email to say Michael Brown, but from the top - Jeff or Greg, of where they currently see things, ie a positive prognosis for the future.. That piece of electronic paper should be enough to enable the directors to reasonably conclude that we are not hurtling into Chapt 11 and to continue to trade.. It would also be very helpful if that email could confirm that Michael would be promptly informed if things took a downward turn.. I would be happy to draft a note but wonder whether the best way of quickly putting this to bed might be for a conversation to be had with Jeff/Greg to see what they would be prepared to say.. That could then be drafted up and sent over.. 2.. Filing accounts. The directors of Enron Europe and its subsids cannot file accounts on a going concern basis unless they are comfortable they will have adequate funds in the medium term to run their businesses.. The hurdle here is higher than in point 1 above as prospective cash shortages would require the accounts to be qualified long before the directors would have to stop trading under point 1 above.. So more comfort will probably be required here, which could include further details of the new facility drawdown conditions and maturity periods and prospects for further facilities being signed.. This would back up the usual support letter.. I should add that we have not actually received this year the usual support letter from Corp. addressed to Enron Europe and its subsids.. I don t know if it has been formally requested but we will definitely need to see that document this time around.	I don t know if it has been formally requested but we will definitely need to see that document this time around.	Could you please point me in the right direction for that?
Could you please provide me with copies of the attached contracts.	Susan,	Susan,	Could you please provide me with copies of the attached contracts.
from your group  please test it and let me know if it is working according to	Hi Corry and Kate,. Option Exercise has been fixed and migrated to stage.	Option Exercise has been fixed and migrated to stage.	Could you or members from your group please test it and let me know if it is working according to the way you use it?
Will you or someone in your cluster take care of this for me?	Kay,. Ader and I met with NJ Natural Gas earlier this week to discuss fuel cell opportunities in NJ.. As a gas supplier in NJ, these guys are very interested in developing some fuel cell projects as a means to increase throughput on their system.. They also have a strong relationship with the state commission called the Board of Public Utilities, I think and there are green funds available to subsidize costs, etc.. Sound familiar?. I need to get a CA to these guys and I am forwarding to you the one we signed with CRRA.. I like this one because there is an exclusivity clause in it.. NJN may not agree to exclusivity, but it doesn t hurt to ask.. Here s the contact:. Mr. Thomas J. Kononowitz Senior Vice President Marketing Services NJ Natural Gas 1415 Wyckoff Road P.O.. Box 1464 Wall, NJ 077 PHONE	PHONE	Will you or someone in your cluster take care of this for me?
Please respond with a deal number, or further	Daren/Vance -. The two meters below are new and have unallocatable flow.......I will need a purchase for each of them.	The two meters below are new and have unallocatable flow.......I will need a purchase for each of them.	Please respond with a deal number, or further suggestions for resolution so that I can clear this up as soon as possible.
Please respond to  loughrid rice.edu			Dennis W. Loughridge loughrid ruf.rice.edu on 04/30/2001 10:49:10 AM Please respond to loughrid rice.edu To: Vince.J.Kaminski enron.com cc: Subject: RE: ALP presentation
Would you please reply to this e-mail so I know you got it?	Hi, Kristin,. Your Dad asked me to let you know that he got your message.. He would like to meet you at Maggiones the place you two met for lunch the first time .. I m making a reservation for you guys in his name at 1:00 p.m.	I m making a reservation for you guys in his name at 1:00 p.m.	Would you please reply to this e-mail so I know you got it?
Take a look at this pic/s			Take a look at this pic/s
Please forward comments on this Technical Bulletin, via email,	Dear Market Participant,. Technical Bulletin 79 - Generator Committments Due to 24-hour NOx Averaging Requirements - is being distributed for Market Participant comment.. The Technical Bulletin will be posted to the NYISO web site following the comment period.. The purpose of our Technical Bulletins is to facilitate participation in the NYISO by communicating various NYISO concepts, techniques, and processes to Market Participants before they can be formally documented in a NYISO manual.	The purpose of our Technical Bulletins is to facilitate participation in the NYISO by communicating various NYISO concepts, techniques, and processes to Market Participants before they can be formally documented in a NYISO manual.	Please forward comments on this Technical Bulletin, via email, by 5PM on Tuesday, October 2, 2001 to:
You can email me or call me at 310.201.4117.	Sure.. Confidentially, CSFB has the IPO.. Morgan Stanley is quietly handling some select acquisition inquiries.. I mentioned Enron and they didn t see why you d want to look - so I offered to find out.. I think you d be impressed by the CEO.	I think you d be impressed by the CEO.	You can email me or call me at PHONE .
Could you call me when you get a chance?	Oops.. I forgot to plug your phone back in after I used my computer this morning.. Sorry.	Sorry.	Could you call me when you get a chance?
Could you guys get together and see if you can push forward on this today.	Tammie - forward this message to Calger and Milly and Forster Hello I am really concerned over the lack of approvals from UBS of our contract formats as even when we get them we have to still populate with the specific credit terms and then get them out into the market place.. I am really getting worried on timing.	I am really getting worried on timing.	Could you guys get together and see if you can push forward on this today.
Please swing by to complete.	Bill,. Some information is missing on your UBS application.	Some information is missing on your UBS application.	Please swing by to complete.
Please give Grim a call and find out what they are trying to do.	Russell,	Russell,	Please give Grim a call and find out what they are trying to do.
Please review and provide me with your feedback.			Please review and provide me with your feedback.
Tim, can you help Jason out?	Jason,. I think what you may be asking for are CalISO power prices.. The CalPX is a scheduling coordinator and they submit balanced schedules and bid curves to the CalISO.. The ISO combines the curves from participating SCs of which I believe Enron is one and calculates the uncongested and congested prices.. The CalISO prices are available from RDI PowerDat, the Enron LIM database, and a number of other sources.. Recent historical prices are available from the CalISO web site.. I am copying your mail to Tim Hiezenrader, who runs the Westdesk Fundamentals group.. I believe he would know how you might be able to access the more real-time CalISO data that Enron collects.	I believe he would know how you might be able to access the more real-time CalISO data that Enron collects.	Tim, can you help Jason out?
Can you please forward the attached contract to Dave Hutchens.			Debra, Can you please forward the attached contract to Dave Hutchens.
Please, give me a call	Great.. We will be around.. Let s get together.	Let s get together.	Please, give me a call PHONE or/and let me know your phone number in Palo Alto.
Please RSVP to me as soon as possible.	Kristin,. What about the visit to the campus on Nov. 3?. Any resolution?. Vince. Greetings, Carnegie Mellon Recruiting Team!. Each of you has been chosen to represent Enron for our Fall 2000 recruiting efforts at Carnegie Mellon University.. As part of the team, you will be challenged with choosing the best candidates from Carnegie Mellon s Graduate School to join our Associate Program.. Our first campus event will be on September 15 and interviews will be held on campus December 11 and 12.. I hope you are all able to participate in the exciting process of recruiting young talent.. We will be more formally organising ourselves in the next couple of weeks.. Currently, we are planning to have a brief team meeting in order to make introductions, inform you about the Associate Program, and discuss the fall recruiting calendar.. To that end, please contact me with any questions or comments you may have.. The team meeting date is set for August 31st at 10am in room 19C2.	The team meeting date is set for August 31st at 10am in room 19C2.	Please RSVP to me as soon as possible.
Can you set up a meeting to review this product.	Alex,	Alex,	Can you set up a meeting to review this product.
Please take my name off of your email distribution lists	Where are you going?. !. Hello Everyone,. Just wanted to inform you that I am leaving EnronOnline Operations as of June 1st, 2000.	Just wanted to inform you that I am leaving EnronOnline Operations as of June 1st, 2000.	Please take my name off of your email distribution lists effective immediately.
please circle with him to make sure the Guarantee negotiation process in	Joel has not negotiated the Corp.. Guarantee with Bob Long.. Joel has made comments but did not want to send them to Bob until he heard back from Sara, Jason and myself.. Since we are replacing the Bank One agreements with our boiler plate, some of Joel s comments will go away but he wants to talk to Jason or Sara before continuing the process with Bob Long.	Since we are replacing the Bank One agreements with our boiler plate, some of Joel s comments will go away but he wants to talk to Jason or Sara before continuing the process with Bob Long.	Would one of you please circle with him to make sure the Guarantee negotiation process in happening win tandem with the new boilerplate negotiations?
Could you please confirm 1:30 pm today, on the 27th floor.	Hi,. Harry would like to meet with us to get buy-in for the development time-table of FileOpen deliverables for the dataroom.. This is in the light of the impending signing-off on the design specifications for FileOpen Systems.. I have attached that document for reference	I have attached that document for reference	Could you please confirm 1:30 pm today, on the 27th floor.
Can you email it to me.	I am on the phone with Ben and he says congratulations and Hello.. He also says he needs Marisa s address.	He also says he needs Marisa s address.	Can you email it to me.
Please help me friend with the questions below.			Please help me friend with the questions below.
review and let me know your comments by 12 noon on Wednesday.	Is there anything we can tell them about the rates they should expect from the utility?. I think that will be the biggest concern and we can reduce backlash if we can provide them some information.. Attached is a draft of the letter we d like to send to our 16,000 residential customers on Friday.	Attached is a draft of the letter we d like to send to our 16,000 residential customers on Friday.	Please review and let me know your comments by 12 noon on Wednesday.
please add mike grigsby to distribution			please add mike grigsby to distribution
Please process the request below.			Please process the request below.
Please add our contact information to your database.			Please add our contact information to your database.
Could you draft a form for the 5,000/day	Dan,. Attached are the details for the enovate transaction s /purchases of physical gas from Reliant Trunkline Stx pool.. I received your draft of the agreed Master for the 30,000/ day parcel.	I received your draft of the agreed Master for the 30,000/ day parcel.	Could you draft a form for the 5,000/day parcel winter only.
Chris:  Please fill in Columns B, C, D   E with current information from our	Ben has asked me to prepare a draft Bill of Sale - Equipment schedule to support the closing of the Intergen transaction.. I have generated the attached spread sheet showing the following information for the two LM6000 turbines and the one ABB transformer:. Unit Description Column A Unit Number Column B Unit Serial Column C Unit Delivery Date Column D Physical location of the units as of the date of schedule 1/5/01 Column E The equipment and all rights provided to Buyer under Agreement dated Column F. I have filled in descriptions for each piece of equipment Column A .. I need help with the following:	I need help with the following:	Chris: Please fill in Columns B, C, D E with current information from our equipment contracts.
Could you please take care of my application for Enron Online			Could you please take care of my application for Enron Online
Can you please get the NDA reviewed	Tana,. Please review attached NDA.. Mark,. I guess that Reuters felt that we should proceed rather than use the current agreement.. This showed up while you were in London.	This showed up while you were in London.	Can you please get the NDA reviewed and signed.
Please RSVP to me as soon as possible.	Unfortunately I do not have a phone right now so I will have to call as soon as they get me up and running.. I went ahead and sent out the dates we have on schedule currently with the intention that if we get new dates they will be announced in the team meeting on Thursday.. Hope that is okay.. I needed to get a message out to participant soon so we don t get in a bind in a couple of weeks.. Kristin. Kristin,. What about the visit to the campus on Nov. 3?. Any resolution?. Vince. Greetings, Carnegie Mellon Recruiting Team!. Each of you has been chosen to represent Enron for our Fall 2000 recruiting efforts at Carnegie Mellon University.. As part of the team, you will be challenged with choosing the best candidates from Carnegie Mellon s Graduate School to join our Associate Program.. Our first campus event will be on September 15 and interviews will be held on campus December 11 and 12.. I hope you are all able to participate in the exciting process of recruiting young talent.. We will be more formally organising ourselves in the next couple of weeks.. Currently, we are planning to have a brief team meeting in order to make introductions, inform you about the Associate Program, and discuss the fall recruiting calendar.. To that end, please contact me with any questions or comments you may have.. The team meeting date is set for August 31st at 10am in room 19C2.	The team meeting date is set for August 31st at 10am in room 19C2.	Please RSVP to me as soon as possible.
Can you please advise your groups to contact either EOL or Jay Krish or Dat			Can you please advise your groups to contact either EOL or Jay Krish or Dat Truong when you find a sitara hedge not linked to the sitara physical deal?
Please call me or Ed if you d like to discuss.	FYI. No, but we have considered recently our exposure to brokers where they hold our money.. The analysis is more a function of applicable law/regulation SFA or CFTC rules than clearing house rules as I understand it.. We did not take outside advice or prepare memoranda, but Justin may have done so in the past Justin?. .	.	Please call me or Ed if you d like to discuss.
Would you maybe have time to talk to them on Tuesday, July 3rd?	It s about 90 certain that I m out of the office on the 3rd.. Thank you, Sue, for helping out.. Best, Jeff. Thanks for your time, Sue.. I hope I am not causing confusion - we also emailed Jeff Dasovich to ask if he had time to talk with the Australians - he said he was going to see what he could do.. If you or Mr Dasovich might have time to give these guys a market participant s view that would be great - at the moment they are only seeing the CPUC, the CAISO and PG E.	If you or Mr Dasovich might have time to give these guys a market participant s view that would be great - at the moment they are only seeing the CPUC, the CAISO and PG E.	Would you maybe have time to talk to them on Tuesday, July 3rd?
Please give me a	Sara,. We still need to get this letter agreement done for Hawaii.	We still need to get this letter agreement done for Hawaii.	Please give me a call when you have some time to discuss it.
Can you please advise so I may correct the information in PEP.	Louise, I spoke with Max Yzaguirre yesterday who told me that you had a conversation with him about handling the mexico performance management process in your absence.. Is that the case or do you want to remain the supervisor in PEP for Jamie Alatorre?	Is that the case or do you want to remain the supervisor in PEP for Jamie Alatorre?	Can you please advise so I may correct the information in PEP.
Please review the attached invoice.			Please review the attached invoice.
Will you please pick up my check from Prostaff today and take it home with			Mom, Will you please pick up my check from Prostaff today and take it home with you?
Please take a look.	I am having trouble pulling in the demand charge for 6/00 on deal 157278 for 1,129.09.. The only thing that is different from May is that the demand volume is 0.. I think it needs to be a 1 for the charge to come through.	I think it needs to be a 1 for the charge to come through.	Please take a look.
Jeff, will you coordinate with Peter for the legal PRC in getting all the			Jeff, will you coordinate with Peter for the legal PRC in getting all the info on the Cd lawyers so you and I can represent them at the PRC.
Can you provide me a detail list of which	Randy: I have a couple of items I am working and wanted to know from you.. 1.. How will the annoucement of the 55 MW plant in R.I. and the potential stake in the 1,650 MW plant in Texas effect the current asset portfolio?. 2.. I am working on a spreadsheet identifying all the current and the coming on-line merchant MW s in detail.	I am working on a spreadsheet identifying all the current and the coming on-line merchant MW s in detail.	Can you provide me a detail list of which plant assets are merchant or are going to be merchant.
Please take a moment to answer the following eight questions on the EWS Key Leadership Survey.			Please take a moment to answer the following eight questions on the EWS Key Leadership Survey.
need to schedule some time in the next couple of days, please either call me	Kristin -. As we discussed earlier today, I believe I have made the Annex to the Module consistent with the anticipated Module actions.. I have attached both a clean and draft version of the Annex for your review.. Please let me know if there are any further comments you should have.	Please let me know if there are any further comments you should have.	If we need to schedule some time in the next couple of days, please either call me or my assistant, Octavia, at extension 39559.
Please make the change to	The Rockies index language looks good.. We need to separate the southern border PG E trades from the southern border socal and Socal trades.. All Socal trades except KRS, which we have none at this time go under Socal and southern border - socal wacogs, while the PG E topock/southern border - PG E trades go under the Southern border, PG E wacog.	All Socal trades except KRS, which we have none at this time go under Socal and southern border - socal wacogs, while the PG E topock/southern border - PG E trades go under the Southern border, PG E wacog.	Please make the change to the sheet and forward a copy to me before emailing.
Please review and sign the charter.	Steve,. I plan to send the below email to the KM Sponsors Rick Buy, Rick Causey, Philippe Bibi, Cindy Olson, and George Wasaff and KM Task Force members Melissa Becker, Debbie Brackett, Anthony Mends, Pegi Newhouse, Bryan Powell, and Andrea Yowman .. Please let me know if you have any recommendations.. I scheduled a meeting with you for tomorrow morning 11/28 at 8:30 to review the project.. In addition, I placed hard copies of the attachments on your chair.. Thanks, Marie Hejka. KM Project Sponsors and Task Force Members,. Attached below is the Knowledge Management Pilot Project Charter and Executive Summary.	Attached below is the Knowledge Management Pilot Project Charter and Executive Summary.	Please review and sign the charter.
Call me when you get a chance, ok.	Hi Hoon How is your day going?. Are you tired?. I missed you so much...	I missed you so much...	Call me when you get a chance, ok.
Please respond to Hamdi Atta  Hamdi.Atta gdi.co.ae			Hamdi Atta hiatta emirates.net.ae on 09/19/2000 04:45:12 AM Please respond to Hamdi Atta Hamdi.Atta gdi.co.ae To: El-Hage Charles el-hage charles bah.com cc: Rick.Bergsieker enron.com, Rob Stewart Rob.Stewart enron.com , amin.badr-el-din summitcs.com, saddi joe bah.com
Please, register me for a session on 9/29/2000 at 12:45.	Dolores	Dolores	Please, register me for a session on 9/29/2000 at 12:45.
Could you please check into:	Kate, I have a couple of confirms I received from BPA with the following info.. I spoke with BPA and they said that their trader had talked to Sean Crandall and agreed to Mid Columbia as the Delivery point, however in the Enpower they have Northwest Delivered.	I spoke with BPA and they said that their trader had talked to Sean Crandall and agreed to Mid Columbia as the Delivery point, however in the Enpower they have Northwest Delivered.	Could you please check into:
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Katherine Falk 185 John Street Oakland, CA 94611 kjfalk womeninit.net. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Could you print two of the attachment, get Phillip Allen to sign them and	Dan,. Can we please get an executed copy for out files in Credit.. Thanks Russell. Dan:	Dan:	Could you print two of the attachment, get Phillip Allen to sign them and forward onto SoCalGas?
Please review and let me know if you agree.	Craig, Attached is a short outline concerning the approach we discussed earlier.	Craig, Attached is a short outline concerning the approach we discussed earlier.	Please review and let me know if you agree.
Stuart:  Please call about your form of confirmation.	Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas 770 PHONE phone PHONE fax sara.shackleton enron.com. Please review the GTC s for the Canadian FX product.	Please review the GTC s for the Canadian FX product.	Stuart: Please call about your form of confirmation.
Can you please review the attached guaranty and let me know if you approve.	Susan,	Susan,	Can you please review the attached guaranty and let me know if you approve.
please check fees on the following trades,  thanks			please check fees on the following trades, thanks
pls forward to all TW and NN legal attorneys and staff--Hou and OMa.			pls forward to all TW and NN legal attorneys and staff--Hou and OMa.
please give me a call.	Laurie,. Thanks for your e-mail of 15 March regarding the agreements and transactions.. I have sent your e-mail to Stacey Richardson in our contracts administration group.. She will contact you regarding this matter.	She will contact you regarding this matter.	If you have any additional questions, or I can be of further assistance, please give me a call.
Also, please copy David Forster and myself when sending the NDAs	As per our discussion, can you please send a draft of an NDA to the following entities:. TD Securities Inc. 222 Bay St. Toronto, Ontario.. M5K1A2 Send to:cliff.feehan tdsecurities.com. Scotia Capital Scotia Plaza 40 King St West Box 4085 Station A Toronto, Ontario.. M5W2X6 Send to: garry fredrickson scotiacapital.com. Tana, since you are going to send the NDAs to these individuals, can you also ask them to confirm the full legal entity s name and address?	Tana, since you are going to send the NDAs to these individuals, can you also ask them to confirm the full legal entity s name and address?	Also, please copy David Forster and myself when sending the NDAs Thanks so much
Please push the issue.	We need the hourly data.. If they do not release it OPG has a significant advantage in a deregulating market.	If they do not release it OPG has a significant advantage in a deregulating market.	Please push the issue.
missing a page, please ask Heather to include the complete list of attendees	Big ticket item on here is the group dinner in Dallas for the ASE.. I can view the entry and can click on attendees - but only see a list of 10 or 12 attendees.. There were 30 or so, plus Greg Piper and Lisa Petruska.. I am missing a second page of attendees, or were only a few listed?	I am missing a second page of attendees, or were only a few listed?	If I am not missing a page, please ask Heather to include the complete list of attendees all who were at the ASE plus Greg and Lisa .
Please forward to Kenneth Lay-CEO:			Please forward to Kenneth Lay-CEO: Dear Mr. Lay, It s rare that I write fan letters, but I just saw your interview on CNBC Squawk Box.
Please send this to John.	Mark,	Mark,	Please send this to John.
Please try to answer these questions in the two attached	Did Bruce EECC/NEPCO give project cost numbers?. In order to calculate FOM and VOM, I ll need to know more about the project.. Can we discuss later this week, say Thursday?	Can we discuss later this week, say Thursday?	Please try to answer these questions in the two attached files.
Could you take a look at is and give me the  legal  ok on it?	Dan,. Thanks for looking at this for me.. Could you recommend something not so awkward?. Sat, Sun Mon would be the price published on Tuesday.. Thanks,. Kim. Kim, The language is awkward but okay.. Question, for weekends, Sat, Sun Mon you probably want to use the Gas Daily Midpoint Price published on Tuesday.. Otherwise, the Tues price is published wednesday, etc and the friday price is published on Monday.. Or do you want to use and average of the price applicable for Friday flow and the price applicable for Monday flow for the weekend period.. Just questions to consider.. Please call if you need to include any of the above concepts in the offer.. Dan,. Attached is some language that we are considering for a deal.	Attached is some language that we are considering for a deal.	Could you take a look at is and give me the legal ok on it?
Please use my cell phone  713 304 8716 .	I suspect that Chris Calger will be signing the certificate instead of Janet Dietrich.	I suspect that Chris Calger will be signing the certificate instead of Janet Dietrich.	Please use my cell phone PHONE .
Please let him know when they are completed.	Please contact Keith Holst if you should have any questions regarding the new spread products.	Please contact Keith Holst if you should have any questions regarding the new spread products.	Please let him know when they are completed.
please notify the sender immediately by return e-mail and permanently delete	Please print for me.. Thanks,. Kay. Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 10/03/2000 04:54 PM. The information contained in this e-mail message is legally privileged and confidential information intended only for the use of the recipient s named above.. If the reader of this e-mail is not an intended recipient, you have received this e-mail in error and any review, dissemination, distribution or copying is strictly prohibited.	If the reader of this e-mail is not an intended recipient, you have received this e-mail in error and any review, dissemination, distribution or copying is strictly prohibited.	If you have received this e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by return e-mail and permanently delete the copy you received.
Please call me with any questions,	Vince: I apologize--I had emailed Shirley to let her know that Toni had forwarded your email to me and that I would be handling this for you, but I didn t copy you on the email.	Vince: I apologize--I had emailed Shirley to let her know that Toni had forwarded your email to me and that I would be handling this for you, but I didn t copy you on the email.	Please call me with any questions, Molly x34804
Please include your	09 09 IMAGE 09 09 IMAGE 09 Earn up to 5 Free Nights at Hyatt between November 15, 20 01 and February 28, 2002!. After every 3 nights you stay, you can enjoy fast er free night awards with family or friends at any participating Hyatt hote l or resort worldwide.. IMAGE Click here to sign up or phone 1-800-51 HY ATT or your nearest Hyatt Worldwide Reservation Centre.. IMAGE Redeem you r Faster Free Night Award s between December 1, 2001 and May 31, 2002 ?. vi sit www.goldpassport.com or click here for more details.. For Faster Free Nights promotion Terms and Conditions, click here .. IMAGE Your Privacy Rights Because Hyatt considers the privacy and confidentiality of y our information to be a top priority, we will never sell or rent your e-mai l address to any third party.. Opting Out and Changing Your Preferences You are receiving this message from Gold Passport because your e-mail address was provided when you enrolled in Hyatt Gold Passport or updated your profi le.. If you do not wish to continue receiving promotional information from H yatt Gold Passport via e-mail or you would like to update your Gold Passpor t account profile, please access the Account Information screen at www.gold passport.com using your Gold Passport account number and PIN, then click o n Account/Preference Update.. Please DO NOT reply to this e-mail.. If you wi sh to unsubscribe from receiving promotional information from Hyatt via ema il, click here .. Please allow at least five full business days for us to re move your name from our e-mail subscriber list.. If you have any questions or comments, please contact: gpnet omaropo.hyatt.com.	If you have any questions or comments, please contact: gpnet omaropo.hyatt.com.	Please include your Gold Passport account number in your e-mail.
can you fax me the schedule and csa for the ena isda  853-9476  and I will decide if similar terms are appropriate			can you fax me the schedule and csa for the ena isda PHONE and I will decide if similar terms are appropriate
can you call them today to discuss.	Below is Williams redlined version of our EOL Amendment.. They were questioning why we backdated the amendment.. This one was back dated because it did not have the language in it which addressed prior EOL Confirmations that were unsigned.. Can we add the following language that was used in other EOL Amendment versions for other companies which addressed that issue?. d. this Amendment shall apply to any EOL Transaction that has not been documented in a confirmation executed and delivered by both parties.. They mainly deleted the Financial language on the Annex.	They mainly deleted the Financial language on the Annex.	Brent... can you call them today to discuss.
Could you please help me out?	Hi Darla,	Hi Darla,	Could you please help me out?
Please send me redlines from the originals for the Admin Services	Gerald, I made a slight simplification to the Capacity Allocation Agreement.	Gerald, I made a slight simplification to the Capacity Allocation Agreement.	Please send me redlines from the originals for the Admin Services Agreement and the Capacity Allocation Agreement.
Andy, Kathy - can you help with this?			Andy, Kathy - can you help with this?
Please look at the attached   see if that is what you need for the Gas side.			Tana without the Mon , Please look at the attached see if that is what you need for the Gas side.
Please call me at X5-8274 with any questions,	I spoke with Kori Loibl, the book administrator for the NG Price Affiliate Books regarding the status of the Affiliate Basis book last night not officialized .. Dutch and I are working with Jeramy Wong in IT support to put together a program that will let Dutch and myself know the status of every book that should be officialized at the end of each night, so that these problems can be fixed before the morning.. The book in question was officialized this morning and has zero 0 value.	The book in question was officialized this morning and has zero 0 value.	Please call me at X5-8274 with any questions,
Would you send me the Gas Daily s for Henry Hub, Transco St 65, Transco St			Would you send me the Gas Daily s for Henry Hub, Transco St 65, Transco St 45, Tetco Wla, Tetco Stx, and Tetco Ela for the last year please.
New numbers for some people, could you please get these done asap including the new wording taking out any contingencies.			New numbers for some people, could you please get these done asap including the new wording taking out any contingencies.
Please take a moment to answer the following eight questions on the EWS Key			Please take a moment to answer the following eight questions on the EWS Key Leadership Survey.
Please attach the correct number, answer the present one, or let	I cannot get anyone to answer the the fax number that attached to your messages.	I cannot get anyone to answer the the fax number that attached to your messages.	Please attach the correct number, answer the present one, or let me respond to the affadavit by e-mail.
Please forward as soon as possible.	no thx i ll send them soon. I finished your 1999 Vanguard statements.. Do you want me to return them to you?. Now I need your 2000 year end statements.	Now I need your 2000 year end statements.	Please forward as soon as possible.
To reserve a seat, please call Stephanie E. Taylor at	eSource presents Investext training. Investext offers immediate online delivery of original-image and full-text research reports from more than 800 of the world s top investment banks, market research firms, and trade associations.. This product is designed to provide all the information you need to know about a particular company, industry, or market.. Training Agenda Includes: ?. General Introduction.. ?. Querying by company ticker in order to retrieve analyst reports.. ?. Querying via Investexts free text module to retrieve industry-specific information: including statistics, economic indicators, analysis, trends, forecasts and surveys.. Attend one of our Investext Clinics: May.. And. May.. Seats fill up fast!	Seats fill up fast!	To reserve a seat, please call Stephanie E. Taylor at 5-7928 Check the eSource training page at http://esource.enron.com/training.doc for additional training sessions and vendor presentations
PLEASE REVIEW THE NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER BELOW	3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D As requested, your News Alert for YHOO follows from EquityAlert.com.. To edit/discontinue your alerts please refer to end of message.	To edit/discontinue your alerts please refer to end of message.	PLEASE REVIEW THE NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER BELOW 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D
Please read and retain this	DELL ENRON ClickAtHome ORDER CONFIRMATION Thank you for your Enron ClickAtHome order!	DELL ENRON ClickAtHome ORDER CONFIRMATION Thank you for your Enron ClickAtHome order!	Please read and retain this e-mail for your records.
Please add  /MMBtu  after  .	I m OK on this, with one small change.	I m OK on this, with one small change.	Please add /MMBtu after .
Please review the below and lets discuss if this really works.			Please review the below and lets discuss if this really works.
take the best info you can assemble, make your call and let the players do	Hi Folks,. Another wild week in the NFL.. We ve got Footballguy Scott Luebke s Week 7 Upgrade - Downgrade - Waiver Wire Picks.. Before we get to that though, let me throw out something I posted today on our message boards regarding owners who beat themselves up second guessing themselves.. This season has been as tough to predict as any in recent memory and I thought this might be something some of you might need to hear.. From our Message Boards www.footballguystalk.com. One of our message board members was justifiably frustrated with watching Trung Canidate blow up on his bench while Ahman Green and Ricky Williams fared less well as his starters.. My reply to him:. Don t be down on yourself.. That s the nature of the game.. There is no way you bench Ricky Williams or Ahman Green for Canidate when Canidate was such a question mark last week.. You did what just about every one of us would have done I m guessing.. It s part of the game.. Is it frustrating?. Sure it is.. But it s still part of the game.. In my local league last week, I took a chance again on Antonio Freeman after starting him for the first few weeks but not week 5 - Aargh... Did it play out?. No, it didn t. I had guys on my bench who outscored him.. But looking back on everything I knew with Minnesota and Billy Schroeder, it was the right call for me.. I learned a long time ago the secret to Fantasy Football.	I learned a long time ago the secret to Fantasy Football.	You just have to take the best info you can assemble, make your call and let the players do the rest.
Please change this on my calendar.			Please change this on my calendar.
Can you verify if the	Mark,. The following list is to be used when compiling the windsystem full power test.. We will use the SCADA 10-average data.. Turbines need to be grouped into bus-groups.. So, we will need to aggregate all turbines on the bus and run the test.. On a separate topic,. We need to apply a similar logic to the existing curtailment program.. Thus, there would be two numbers Bus-1, and Bus-2 .	Thus, there would be two numbers Bus-1, and Bus-2 .	Can you verify if the existing spread sheets using the 10 correction were outputted.
please give Suzanne the information of where to send it.	Suzanne,. On my desk on the window side you will find a bound volume of a contract for 24 turbine generator sets between GE and a bank with a long name .. Could you please fed ex it to Peter Thompson at A K in DC.	Could you please fed ex it to Peter Thompson at A K in DC.	Peter, could you please give Suzanne the information of where to send it.
Please try it again if you can.	I think that I agree with the points and comments you folks raised in the first echange on indemnities below, but don t have the document to refer to.. Scott, please drop by and brief me on these.. Cognizant Gov t?. Never heard of the term, and itis not one of the usual defined terms.. Don t know how it s used here, suggest you decline andmake them clarify.. LOL ISSUES: 1.. I suppose that this is a NY law contract.. I do not think you can effectively limit your liability for gross negligence or wilful misconduct in NY.. Regardless of choice of law, we generally cannot get this limited or excluded in contracts with owners, either.. I think you should not accept any GE attempt to limit this by means of the cap on liability or otherwise , and should avoid muddying the water on the point by taking any to the fullest extent permitted by law clause or other such stuff as a compromise.. It will be important every time we wrap the GE equipment.. 2.. Generally, I do not think they should be able to limit their indemnity for Haz Mat, patents, etc.. 3.. They have consistently refused to clarify that the indemnity for all third party losses includes third party consequentials when Brian or whoever else over here has been the lead negotiator with GE in the past.. I would like to think that we could get it clarified now that the larger Enron is working it.	I would like to think that we could get it clarified now that the larger Enron is working it.	Please try it again if you can.
Karen- please print this out.			Karen- please print this out.
Please help me - I can not get access to approve this account.			Please help me - I can not get access to approve this account.
Would you look us to make a joint appeal to Jeff to speak	Rick,	Rick,	Would you look us to make a joint appeal to Jeff to speak at this conference?
Please put the 17th meeting on my calendar.			Please put the 17th meeting on my calendar.
Please review the TW paragragh and make any changes.	Kevin:	Kevin:	Please review the TW paragragh and make any changes.
Please contact AIMR s Information Central department at tel: 800-247-8132 or	jonathan.mckay enron.com July 24, 2001 Candidate : 700351. FOLLOW-UP NOTICE. Dear Mr. McKay:. Thank you for your interest in the Association for Investment Management and Research AIMR .. On your Level III Enrollment /AIMR Society / Chapter Membership Form you indicated that you wished to apply for AIMR membership after passing Level III.. Now that the 2001 exam is over, AIMR invites you to take this opportunity to activate your membership application.. Although the results of the Level III exam are not currently available, we encourage you to complete your membership application today to avoid any delays in the eventual award of the CFA charter upon successful completion of Level III.. Please note that one of the requirements to be awarded the CFA charter is to fulfill AIMR membership requirements and apply concurrently for membership in AIMR and in an AIMR member society or chapter if a society or chapter is located less than 50 miles 80 km of a candidate s place of business .. If you work more than 50 miles 80 km from an AIMR member society or chapter, please notify us in writing if you would like to receive an exemption.. The award of the CFA charter is contingent upon completion of all requirements.. To complete the processing of your membership application we need your society preference and appropriate sponsor forms.. All application materials are valid for one year.. Please review all sponsor requirements on AIMR s website at http://www.aimr.org/memservices/join/requirements.asp. All sponsor forms and related materials can be downloaded from AIMR s website at http://www.aimr.org/memservices/join/apply.asp or you may call to request these forms.	All sponsor forms and related materials can be downloaded from AIMR s website at http://www.aimr.org/memservices/join/apply.asp or you may call to request these forms.	Please contact AIMR s Information Central department at tel: PHONE or PHONE , fax: PHONE , or e-mail: membership aimr.org if you have any questions regarding the status of your membership request.
PLEASE CONFIRM THIS .	Correction on the 4,018 dth from CPA offer 30496 , the receipt point is Broad Run, not Leach.. Forwarded by Chris Germany/HOU/ECT on 10/19/2000 05:00 PM. I meant the top 4 contracts. Forwarded by Chris Germany/HOU/ECT on 10/19/2000 03:25 PM. You are correct.. The top 3 contracts were released to CES and the bottom one is released to ENA.. I will execute all of them and re-release the CES s contracts to ENA.. Everything looks fine with one exception.. The contract at the bottom K 61825 should have already been in ENA s name starting Nov-00 through Oct-2001.	The contract at the bottom K 61825 should have already been in ENA s name starting Nov-00 through Oct-2001.	PLEASE CONFIRM THIS .
Hood, please plan	PLEASE NOTE:. The ClickAtHome ordering will be taking place in MT.. RAINIER from 1pm to 5pm.. Please let me know if you have any questions.. - Grace x8321. Please note the following changes: We would like to know the approximate number of attendees for the morning sessions, so please be sure to let me know which of the two sessions you are interested in attending.. The afternoon session will begin at 1:00pm, rather than 12:00pm In order to keep the flow of traffic moving through Mt.	The afternoon session will begin at 1:00pm, rather than 12:00pm In order to keep the flow of traffic moving through Mt.	Hood, please plan on stopping by at the top of the hour 1pm, 2pm, 3pm, 4pm, 5pm .
right - just give me a call when you ve got something.	Jay,. I ve always taken a pretty laid back approach to the noncompete when there is little overlap.	I ve always taken a pretty laid back approach to the noncompete when there is little overlap.	Having said that, however, I d like to keep a last veto right - just give me a call when you ve got something.
of you could discuss the issue and help put it in perspective:	As you have probably observed, power markets have been severely tested this summer.. There are many underlying causes demand growth driven by a strong economy, failure of regulators to quickly grant applications for new generation, inadequate access to the grid, rate regulation which continues to insulate end users from real time price signals, etc.. .. But, the soundbite on these troubles has been that deregulation has led to problems on the grid.. The knee jerk policy response has been price caps and other threats of re-regulation.	The knee jerk policy response has been price caps and other threats of re-regulation.	At the upcoming advisory council meeting, Ken and I were hoping that the two of you could discuss the issue and help put it in perspective:
Can you get that list form Vanessa?			I was really looking for the list of attendees to see we wanted to share rides to Neiman s. Can you get that list form Vanessa?
Please check them out, Vince... as you know- I always	Jeff,. I cannot interview Howard on Tue business trip .. I think the organization is very interested in him.. I don t know what illicts your attention means.. Vince. Hi Vince, I m on vacation from Friday today until Tuesday.. Rachel/London sent me this confirmation last night and think it illicts your attention- Did they get it right to meet you satisfaction?. I hope your interview goes well with Howard too.. It s all set.. Any feedback on the guys from Ford Credit and Citigroup/Oxford University?. I own them outright- no other firms involved!. FYI: My fees are always much less on these candidates exclusive ownership by myself as there are no middlemen involved from these other firms .. I luckily have been attracting very talented candidates with just doing business as myself rather than MRI.. I am very encouraged.	I am very encouraged.	Please check them out, Vince... as you know- I always send you them first then on to my other clients -if you reject them.
not to receive future e-mail notifications, please send a reply to	Mr. Vincent J. Kaminski Managing Director Enron Capital Trade Resources Corp.. Dear Mr. Kaminski:. CERAWeek 2002 is rapidly approaching and this year s gathering is a particularly timely opportunity to gain perspective and new insight into the energy future -- and what the new global realities mean for markets and strategies.. I wanted to update you on this 21st annual CERA conference, The New Face of Risk: Energy Strategies for a Changed World, to be held in Houston on February 12-15.. To learn more please view a video interview with Joseph Stanislaw, CERA President and CEO and me, or see the current agenda, by visiting our website at http://www.cera.com/ceraweek/promo/ceraweek lo.ram .. There you also will find a video overview of CERAWeek.. I want to extend my personal hope that you join us in Houston, and become part of this exciting and influential tradition.. Please enroll at http://www.cera.com/ceraweek/register or e-mail register cera.com.. I look forward to seeing you at CERAWeek 2002.. Sincerely,. Daniel Yergin Chairman, Cambridge Energy Research Associates. Our relationship with you is very important to us.	Our relationship with you is very important to us.	Should you prefer not to receive future e-mail notifications, please send a reply to this message with DoNotEmail as the subject of your message.
After you get the Price Waterhouse NDA executed, please send a copy to Tana	Mike:	Mike:	After you get the Price Waterhouse NDA executed, please send a copy to Tana Jones.
- please have package available for my review by mid January.	Guys, can you put together the folllowing Portfolio/Charter Review for Principal Investing and Energy Capital Resources: a detail existing portfolio - winners/losers; additions/deletions and overall performance; b detail market conditions in your markets and any strategy changes following; c anticipated major transactions in 2001; and d review charter and detail any proposed changes.	Guys, can you put together the folllowing Portfolio/Charter Review for Principal Investing and Energy Capital Resources: a detail existing portfolio - winners/losers; additions/deletions and overall performance; b detail market conditions in your markets and any strategy changes following; c anticipated major transactions in 2001; and d review charter and detail any proposed changes.	I would anticipate that we sit down with Rick and Jeff at the end of January - please have package available for my review by mid January.
Please indicated approval via REPLY WITH HISTORY.	I m OK on this, with one small change.. Please add /MMBtu after .08 in paragraph 3.. I just want it clearer that the 8 cent rate is per unit as utilized.. Thanks.. DF. TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE CONTRACT APPROVAL REQUEST. Please review the attached non-standard discount letter for Duke Energy Trading Marketing.. The one year contract for 10,000 Dth/d provides for primary EOT-EOT transportation.. Duke is allowed to transport to SoCal/Needles at an incremental rate based upon actual utilization.. Duke has retained ROFR rights and rights to capacity release revenues above the discounted rate.	Duke has retained ROFR rights and rights to capacity release revenues above the discounted rate.	Please indicated approval via REPLY WITH HISTORY.
Please respond via e-mail with the earliest possible date for rolling pilot	Business Unit: West Gas Trading Deployment Manager: Kacee Downey. Notification Type Initial / Change : Initial. DATE FOR Group MAIL MIGRATION: Tuesday Night, May 1st Tuesday Night for Win2K Outlook after hours Please respond via e-mail if there are any scheduling conflicts or questions.. We have identified the pilot for West Gas Trading to be, Steve South/ssouth and Susan Scott/sscott3.. Below is the path to the MAR for this Business Unit.. I have also included a list of users for quick reference.. If the pilot process is successful, we plan to deploy Windows 2000 on Tuesday Night, May 1st Tuesday Night for Win2K Outlook after hours .. I will notify you immediately if this date changes.	I will notify you immediately if this date changes.	Please respond via e-mail with the earliest possible date for rolling pilot user Steve South/ssouth and Susan Scott/sscott3 to Outlook, so we can be available to assist this user with the transition that morning.
Please complete the survey and return to Merlyn Fance by fax 713-646-3300 or	From Enron Transportation Services, Human Resources. ETS Human Resources department is determining the feasibility of providing a retirement planning workshops for ETS employees.. By completing the following survey, you will provide us the information we need to determine the level of interest for this type of training.. If there is sufficient interest we will schedule these workshops around mid-December.	If there is sufficient interest we will schedule these workshops around mid-December.	Please complete the survey and return to Merlyn Fance by fax PHONE or e: mail at merlyn.fance enron.com by Monday, October 23, 2000.
To receive FREE information on tax help, please fill out the	Have tax problems?. Do you owe the IRS money?. If your debt is 10,000 US or more, we can help!. Our licensed agents can help you with both past and present tax debt.. We have direct contacts with the IRS, so once your application is processed we can help you immediately without further delay.. Also, as our client we can offer you other services and help with other problems.. Our nationally recognized tax attorneys, paralegals, legal assistants and licensed enrolled agents can help you with:. - Tax Preparation - Audits - Seizures - Bank Levies - Asset Protection - Audit Reconsideration - Trust Fund Penalty Defense - Penalty Appeals - Penalty Abatement - Wage Garnishments .. and more!	- Tax Preparation - Audits - Seizures - Bank Levies - Asset Protection - Audit Reconsideration - Trust Fund Penalty Defense - Penalty Appeals - Penalty Abatement - Wage Garnishments .. and more!	To receive FREE information on tax help, please fill out the form below and return it to us.
Please share this info with	Hi John,. Enron is ok with signing the consents.. After the assignment of the contracts out of LLCs, we would like to exercise our put.	After the assignment of the contracts out of LLCs, we would like to exercise our put.	Please share this info with George.
In order to ensure enough handouts please email or call your RSVP to Ledy			Location: 77 Beale Street, Conference Room 308 San Francisco, CA 94177 In order to ensure enough handouts please email or call your RSVP to Ledy Torres dst2 pge.com mailto:dst2 pge.com or PHONE by Monday, September 10, 2001.
Please, review the energy related info in this database  if any  and talk to	Elena,	Elena,	Please, review the energy related info in this database if any and talk to me about it.
Please purchase 10mw, HE23-24 on Tuesday, 7/17, and 10mw HE1-24 on Wednesday, 7/18 to keep them whole.	Group,. Delano is going down for a maintenance outage beginning HE23 this evening, Tuesday, 7/17.. They will be down through sometime Monday morning.. They are only going to be able to produce 20mw, and they are prescheduled at 30mw for Tuesday and Wednesday.	They are only going to be able to produce 20mw, and they are prescheduled at 30mw for Tuesday and Wednesday.	Please purchase 10mw, HE23-24 on Tuesday, 7/17, and 10mw HE1-24 on Wednesday, 7/18 to keep them whole.
Once you have put your list of targeted customers together, please send it to	Tim,	Tim,	Once you have put your list of targeted customers together, please send it to me or Bill Bradford in Credit Risk Management, as CRM is responsible for the credit review and approval process.
Please send me the resume and I will reply by	Should be able to help out.	Should be able to help out.	Please send me the resume and I will reply by end of day.
If all agree, please ask your assistant to let me know if a date has already been set for the next update.	Could I be included in these update meetings?. Rather than read the material after the fact and have you review it with me separately, it seems that it would make sense for me to be included in the update meeting that you hold with Rick.. Assuming that Rick is comfortable with that, can we do that going forward?	Assuming that Rick is comfortable with that, can we do that going forward?	If all agree, please ask your assistant to let me know if a date has already been set for the next update.
To reserve a seat, please call Stephanie E. Taylor at	eSource presents SDC Platinum training. SDC Platinum offers detailed transactional information on New Issues, Mergers Acquisitions, Syndicated Loans, Private Equity, Strategic Alliances, Project Finance and others.. The product is designed to allow users to compare transactions, evaluate advisors, and analyze market and industry trends.. Training Agenda Includes: ?. General Introduction.. ?. Basic query techniques for new issues and M A databases.. ?. Basic query techniques for trend analysis.. Seats fill up fast!	Seats fill up fast!	To reserve a seat, please call Stephanie E. Taylor at 5-7928 Check the eSource training page at http://esource.enron.com/training.doc for additional training sessions and vendor presentations.
Can you send down the paper on the AOS daily balancing agreement.	Dan, I will not be sending this document to Crestar.. Raise this confirm directly with Crestar in the final state and send to them.. Assuming they have no problem with the paper.... we should be done on the monthly firm deal.	Assuming they have no problem with the paper.... we should be done on the monthly firm deal.	Can you send down the paper on the AOS daily balancing agreement.
Please get me a flight and hotel  I should arrive early PM on the 12	I d like to be at this--but I need to be back in Omaha by the evening of the 13th.	I d like to be at this--but I need to be back in Omaha by the evening of the 13th.	Please get me a flight and hotel I should arrive early PM on the 12 the and leave in the pm on the 13th.
come see me when you get a minute.	Ryan,. There is some confusion regarding the premstar deal from yesterday.	There is some confusion regarding the premstar deal from yesterday.	Could you come see me when you get a minute.
Could you please schedule a meeting for Wednesday, Thurs, or Friday with the			Could you please schedule a meeting for Wednesday, Thurs, or Friday with the usual parties?
Please call me if you have questions, etc.	Chris and Kevin--The attached file contains our latest daily volume requirements for 3/10 thru Monday 3/13.. The AGL numbers contained herein are not current, but the values for all the other points are.	The AGL numbers contained herein are not current, but the values for all the other points are.	Please call me if you have questions, etc.
Some things on follow-up from Ken Lay s call with Jeb Bush  could you have	Marchris --	Marchris --	Some things on follow-up from Ken Lay s call with Jeb Bush could you have answers by End of Week -
please spread this email around to the appropriate Enron contacts that need			Scott, please spread this email around to the appropriate Enron contacts that need these numbers.
Please only reply to the original requester!!!	To all who keep responding to this message.....	To all who keep responding to this message.....	Please only reply to the original requester!!!
Mark:  In connection with Susan F. s departure, could you please provide a			Mark: In connection with Susan F. s departure, could you please provide a copy of her project list so that we can follow up on finalizing/redistributing her workload?
Please review the home addresss and phone number shown on this eMail.			Please review the home addresss and phone number shown on this eMail.
Please respond no later than 10 a.m. on Wednesday, May 9.	OK for me.. The product long descriptions in the attachment directly below will fall under the new product types CAN Gas Financial Option Call and CAN Gas Financial Option Put.. Credit Tom Moran has approved copying the profiles for the new product type from the following:. CAN Gas Financial Swap	CAN Gas Financial Swap	Please respond no later than 10 a.m. on Wednesday, May 9.
please welcome Ken in his new role.	Organization Announcement Correction. I apologize for the confusion and inconvenience my mistake caused.. I had indicated that Kenneth Lovejoy would be supporting EES, but this is not correct.. Ken will be supporting OEC.. Corrected announcement is provided below.. It is my pleasure to announce that Kenneth Lovejoy has joined Enron Corp. EH S Asset Operations.. He will be reporting directly to Donnie Willmann and will support Central America, Caribbean and OEC.. Ken has over 25 year experience in environmental, health and safety for the oil and gas industry.. He has been working for Enron since 1996 and has extensive international experience.	He has been working for Enron since 1996 and has extensive international experience.	We are excited to have Ken in our team so, please welcome Ken in his new role.
Please look at the list and let me know about anyone I missed, I have Reid and Mark working on it as well.			Hey bro, Please look at the list and let me know about anyone I missed, I have Reid and Mark working on it as well.
Therefore, please initiate a review of the descriptions pertinent to your	Dan, Brent, Shari -. Please let me know as soon as possible what the status of your review of the True Quote site is as we are getting closer to the anticipated completion date of March 12 - Monday.. I have already prepared comments to the access agreements for the site, but need to have your comments, if any, to present all Enron comments.. Thanks for the assistance.. Mark Senior Counsel, ENA Phone: PHONE Facsimile: PHONE E-Mail: Mark.Greenberg enron.com. Dan, Brent, Shari -. We have been asked to review the provisions of Truequote - a third party trading platform - on which Enron may possibly trade.. I have requested access for each of you to the site www.truequote.com and hope to have this for each of you a bit later today.. In order to get you started, I have provided the general product descriptions below.. The use of this system is in conjunction with another deal we are currently working on with Truequote which will enable counterparties to hit Enron posted prices and transact with Enron through the Truequote site.. Timing on this matter is rather tight as we need to finalize all agreements and be ready to begin using the Truequote site on Monday, March 12.	Timing on this matter is rather tight as we need to finalize all agreements and be ready to begin using the Truequote site on Monday, March 12.	Therefore, please initiate a review of the descriptions pertinent to your area as soon as possible so that I can coordinate any comments you may have with my general comments to the access agreement.
just send it to me and I will get it to her.	Kathy,. Could you please accommodate Karen s request?	Could you please accommodate Karen s request?	If you would like, you can just send it to me and I will get it to her.
Could you resend it?	I didn t get your fax last week.. I was out sick so I didn t call Shirley.	I was out sick so I didn t call Shirley.	Could you resend it?
Please advise when you have final numbers for the credit section and I will			Please advise when you have final numbers for the credit section and I will proceed.
intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us	Attached is S C s revised version of the Servicing Agreement, incorporating the comments that I provided to them last week.. I have not had an opportunity to review this yet, but wanted you to get it as quickly as possible.. Please give me a call with any comments or questions that you may have regarding the attached.. Travis McCullough Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street EB 3882A Houston Texas 77002 Phone: PHONE Fax: PHONE /3490. Attached please find a revised version of the EnronOnline Servicing Agreement between Enron and NGPL.. We have included a clean copy of the document as well as a blacklined copy showing the changes from the draft dated May 16, 2001.. Please do not hesitate to call David Gilberg at PHONE or me at PHONE if we can be of further assistance.. Regards,. Jenny J. Sherman. NY PHONE 96-4.DOC 2X CRED.DOC. This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential.	This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential.	If you are not the intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us immediately.
1. In Section 7 of Annex 1 could we please add the recording language?			Cynthia: Thanks for sending this.
Please copy him on all material like this.	I didn t see this in the competitive analysis folder.. As always, it is good to know you are on top of it.. These guys are using the technology we saw last week from OnExchange.. Amerex called me today to ask us to participate or if we deemed it necessary to take the lead in this project.. As always, James has the competitor info database on this stuff.	As always, James has the competitor info database on this stuff.	Please copy him on all material like this.
Regarding the guest password for gas daily, can you please relay the	Kathy,	Kathy,	Regarding the guest password for gas daily, can you please relay the information to Mike Grigsby at 37031 so he can pass it along to the user at gas daily today.
out - if revised confirms have been sent, let s go ahead and send them the	Sorry for the delay - it s taken me a while to track down the answer to this, because Chris Foster, the trader on this deal, is still unclear as to the answer.. Basically, the deal keeps getting cut by the Cal-ISO, which is why Carla goes in and changes the volumes sometimes.. But Chris thinks that in the end we might not be cutting the deal financially, just physically on a day-by-day basis.	But Chris thinks that in the end we might not be cutting the deal financially, just physically on a day-by-day basis.	Given that, we only need the first, original confirm sent out - if revised confirms have been sent, let s go ahead and send them the original one and leave it at that.
Can you can hit on Wed  lunch or afternoon fine for me ?	Hi	Hi	Can you can hit on Wed lunch or afternoon fine for me ?
Please respond by 10 a.m. on Tuesday, February 27.	Tana/Karen:. The product long description below will fall under the new product type US ResiOil Swap.. Credit Tom Moran has approved copying the profiles for the new product type from the following:. US Oil HSFO Fin Swap	US Oil HSFO Fin Swap	Please respond by 10 a.m. on Tuesday, February 27.
Can you handle this for Mark?	Dan:	Dan:	Can you handle this for Mark?
Please submit all Hour Ahead schedules for November	URGENT NOTIFICATION - ALL. SI will be UNAVAILABLE, Today 14:30 to 14:50pst to perform a Fail-Over within our SI servers in Folsom.	SI will be UNAVAILABLE, Today 14:30 to 14:50pst to perform a Fail-Over within our SI servers in Folsom.	Please submit all Hour Ahead schedules for November 6th HE 1800 and 1900 and Supplemental Energy schedules for, 1700 and 1800 prior to 1400.
Can you open this for me?			Can you open this for me?
Karen, please provide Louise and John with copies of the resumes Kevin s group selected for the summer interns.	Here is the information I sent to Karen Buckley on Kevin s preferences for the new analyst and associates starting in August.. Kevin s group has also identified several summer interns that they would be interested in as well.. I will forward the names of those indiduals to you as soon as possible.	I will forward the names of those indiduals to you as soon as possible.	Karen, please provide Louise and John with copies of the resumes Kevin s group selected for the summer interns.
Please provide to her settlement instructions for the	Carlos, This confirms our discussion this morning that CSFB will wire 17,539,200.25 GBP to Enron Investments PLC s account at Morgan Stanley.. Enron Investments PLC will then receive 6 million shares DVP.. This provides the best trail for the transaction.. Settlement will be on Tuesday, 30/5/2000.. Laurel Adams will e-mail you instructions for wiring funds to the Morgan Stanley account.	Laurel Adams will e-mail you instructions for wiring funds to the Morgan Stanley account.	Please provide to her settlement instructions for the shares.
Please help Brad with this request.			Dana, Please help Brad with this request.
numbers in there and send me the numbers?	You guys are stars.. Thanks so much for all you did for Prentice.. I think she had a really, really good time and felt really neat about the whole thing.. She s wonderful and you guys gave her the wonderful day that she earned and deserved.. Thanks so much.. And, as usual, thanks for being great hosts yesterday Nancy, you outdid yourself with dinner .. OK, so I am doing everything that I can to leave for the Dome Wednesday night.. If you guys want, we can pack up the Suburban with everything that needs to go up or at least just about everything , and we can drive it up and then you two can take my SAAB up.. Then, coming back, you can drive the Suburban and I can drive the SAAB.. What do you think?. Finally, Eldon, do you have the Blue Book at your house?. I m looking for the number of someone I can get to haul away all the crap junk from around the generator shed, that rotten ol pile of wood by the driveway, the un-salvagable wood from the old deck, etc.. .	.	Can you find a couple hauler numbers in there and send me the numbers?
call me on my cell 713 304 8716			call me on my cell PHONE
Please review and let me have your comments	Chris,. I have reviewed your reconciliation spreadsheet and have discovered a discrepapancy regarding the Matthew delivery on September 14, 2000.. It appears that a volume, other than the discharge volume, is being applied to calculate the average heating value.. My calculations show that the average heating value for this Setpember 14 delivery should be 22.47, as opposed to 22.61.. Despite this one discrepancy, we match perfectly.. I have attached my reconciliation spreadsheet below for your convenience.. I show that Cabot owes EcoElectrica 209,472.88.. Please review and let me know if you are in agreement.. Regards,. Dustin Collins. Todd Attached herewith is the 2001 reconciliation which is in draft.	Todd Attached herewith is the 2001 reconciliation which is in draft.	Please review and let me have your comments Best regards Chris Skinner General manger Cabot Trading LNG
please print,  also let her know i still want reports.			please print, also let her know i still want reports.
When you get a chance, can you please fax over the SMUD  Board Resolution	Dear Tom -	Dear Tom -	When you get a chance, can you please fax over the SMUD Board Resolution that you mentioned last week?
field, please plan on attending this incite full presentation.	What is a hedge fund?. Types of Buy-Side Firms. ?Mutual Funds ?Venture Firms ?Leveraged Buyout Firms LBOs ?Institutional Money Management Firms ?Trust/Wealthy Client Firms ?Hedge Funds. What is the sell side?	What is the sell side?	If you are interested in learning more about the Hedge Fund industry and how to get into the profession, what is the career path for someone in this field, please plan on attending this incite full presentation.
please notify the sender immediately and delete the original.	Hi Dutch,. This message is to confirm our meeting with you on, Thursday, November 1st from 2:30pm - 4:30 pm, the location will be EB 3241 John Arnold s office.. Attendees will be Monica Brown.. Let me know if it is okay for us to meet in John Arnold s office. Also, could you send me your homework assignment for me to review and place into the ECW.. Sheri said that you were having problems inputting your homework into the ECW.. I need to schedule sometime with you for next week, how does Tuesday, November 5th from 3:30 pm - 4:30 pm sound.. Let me know if you have any questions or concerns, I can be reached at PHONE .. Thanks, Monica L. Brown Accenture Houston - 2929 Allen Parkway Direct Dial: PHONE VPN Octel: 83 / 71749 Fax: PHONE email: monica.l.brown accenture.com. This message is for the designated recipient only and may contain privileged or confidential information.	This message is for the designated recipient only and may contain privileged or confidential information.	If you have received it in error, please notify the sender immediately and delete the original.
Please take a look  ASAP at the changes to the credit section for FPC.			Please take a look ASAP at the changes to the credit section for FPC.
I never got the second set could you send it again.	no. Mark.Guzman enron.com 03/16/01 01:53PM	Mark.Guzman enron.com 03/16/01 01:53PM	I never got the second set could you send it again.
you both please look in your logs and notes and at the Inc sheets and tell me	Dear Mark and Geir,. I ran the audit viewer for deal 521304.1 sale to Reliant and Mark Guzman s name came up as the person who added the strip for HE 18- HE 19. that means Mark or Geir .	I ran the audit viewer for deal 521304.1 sale to Reliant and Mark Guzman s name came up as the person who added the strip for HE 18- HE 19. that means Mark or Geir .	As this is on the verge of a real - time shift change and I can find no notes in either of your books regarding a sale to Reliant, could you both please look in your logs and notes and at the Inc sheets and tell me who did the deal and who at Reliant you spoke to.
Will you check this out and get with	Can we verified this gas flowed?. If it did it should have been billed on his term deal if there was one in place.. If the gas flowed and we did not invoice for it on term let me know and I will put it in.. Bob says he was not billed for a purchase he made from you at 5K 5.16 on Feb 21st.	Bob says he was not billed for a purchase he made from you at 5K 5.16 on Feb 21st.	Will you check this out and get with Bob A and Katherine Herrera.
Go ahead and book.	Any of the following would be great prop ref no.. :. TUS-020-02 the last one on your list TUS-030-01 TUS-030-06 TUS-005-02. I would prefer one with a tennis court in the complex.	I would prefer one with a tennis court in the complex.	Go ahead and book.
Please read the attached and make sure the schedulers understand this new			Please read the attached and make sure the schedulers understand this new product.
Stephanie:  Please send the boilerplate ISDA Master Agreement and Credit			Stephanie: Please send the boilerplate ISDA Master Agreement and Credit Support Annex to Gregg Penman in our Chicago office.
Please reply to this message with either a corresponding  1  or a  2  in the subject field.	We are in the process of confirming that all traders are set up correctly and ready to trade when the system goes live.. We need to make sure that your Stack Managers are accessing the correct database.. In order to do this, we need to know how you access Stack Manager:. 1 Through Terminal Server the one that opens up a desktop within a desktop and it actually appears that you have two Start buttons .. or 2 By opening the Stack Manager directly from your native desktop.	or 2 By opening the Stack Manager directly from your native desktop.	Please reply to this message with either a corresponding 1 or a 2 in the subject field.
Please incerease deliveries to Eastrans to 65,000 MMBtu/d eff 2/23/2000.			Please incerease deliveries to Eastrans to 65,000 MMBtu/d eff 2/23/2000.
Ione can you please cc. me when Lavo or Milly have meetings to attend  like			Ione can you please cc.
Please send the tickets to:			Please send the tickets to:
Please RSVP to Shannon Adlong at 36048.	I will be in the Chicago office on Monday, July 31.. I will be sorry to miss a lunch at Brennan s!. Enjoy it without me.. --Sally. This lunch has now been scheduled for Brennan s beginning at 11:45 am on July 31st same date .. Please RSVP to me if you will be able to attend.. The reservations will be in Julie Nickell s name in the Map room.. Thanks.. In order to express our sincere appreciation to all of you who worked so diligently with us during the North America SAP project, we would like to invite you to join us for lunch at Ruggle s on Westheimer on Monday, July 31st.	In order to express our sincere appreciation to all of you who worked so diligently with us during the North America SAP project, we would like to invite you to join us for lunch at Ruggle s on Westheimer on Monday, July 31st.	Please RSVP to Shannon Adlong at 36048.
Please, read the outline and see if you would be interested in joining this	Andy,. I am sending you a draft oof a proposal regarding national forum for top finance practitioners and academics.. The idea came from a professor at Rice University who has already received a commitment from a number of most distinguished CFOs.	The idea came from a professor at Rice University who has already received a commitment from a number of most distinguished CFOs.	Please, read the outline and see if you would be interested in joining this forum.
1 volume should be 10,000 per day please check this deal it came across as EOL 10,000 lots per month	deal VC5559.	deal VC5559.	1 volume should be 10,000 per day please check this deal it came across as EOL 10,000 lots per month
Please map in TEST and PROD	Fohot to include the Loadshape; sorry.. Loadshape: PJM Interconnect Peak Abb: Peak Day Coverage: .4762 Desc: The transaction is for on-peak Peak hours on each Delivery Day beginning with the hour ending 0800 7:00 am and concluding with the hour ending 2300 11:00 pm Eastern Prevailing Time.. Delivery Day means a day during the term of the transaction that is a Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday or Friday, excluding any day that is a NERC holiday.. Forwarded by Dale Neuner/HOU/ECT on 06/14/2000 08:28 AM. Legal/Commercial:. Here is my suggestion for the PJM Index.. I will use a PJM Peak Loadshape that mirrors the ISO NE and ISO NY Loadshape.. Kenny; et al:	Kenny; et al:	Please map in TEST and PROD
Please add to my calendar			Please add to my calendar
Can you give me an update on the status of the	Stacy,. Currently I have pending on my desk a GISB from you however, ENA s special provisions are not included.. Also, a draft of a Master agreement was sent to Markwest this summer.	Also, a draft of a Master agreement was sent to Markwest this summer.	Can you give me an update on the status of the purposed draft?
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Robert Briden 30 Pleasant St. Lincoln, RI 02865 rbriden ballou.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please call me at 281-679-3591, or reply to this e-mail with any questions you	Forwarded by Frank Ermis/HOU/ECT on 02/28/2001 07:22 AM. Lodi Gas Storage is under construction!. We have started shop fabrication of the facilities piping for the Lodi Gas Storage Project.. You will be seeing frequent updates on the progress of this high deliverability Northern California storage facility.. The attached memo describes an open season we are conducting for 4.5 BCF of Inventory Capacity and 150 MMCF/D of Injection and Withdrawal Capacity.	The attached memo describes an open season we are conducting for 4.5 BCF of Inventory Capacity and 150 MMCF/D of Injection and Withdrawal Capacity.	Please call me at PHONE , or reply to this e-mail with any questions you may have.
Please, register me	Shirley,	Shirley,	Please, register me
touch with us about your order, send an e-mail message to	Thank you for ordering from Amazon.com!. Your order information appears below.	Your order information appears below.	If you need to get in touch with us about your order, send an e-mail message to orders amazon.com or just reply to this message .
Will you review this spreadsheet for April penalties associated with Texaco?	Please forward to Suzanne as well.	Please forward to Suzanne as well.	Will you review this spreadsheet for April penalties associated with Texaco?
Please review message below from Kristina Drew   Merchant Energy.	Not that I know of.. Christian is assigned the EEI Agreement in the database but we have never received credit terms.. We have a Master Energy with MEGA dated 4/01/98.. Will you be handling and if so, do you need a copy of the Agreement?. Genia. Genia: Is anyone in the power group alraedy working on this?. Carol St. Clair EB 38 PHONE Phone PHONE Fax carol.st.clair enron.com. Carol,	Carol,	Please review message below from Kristina Drew Merchant Energy.
Would you please get access to expertfinder reinstated for my group:  me, Lizzette Palmer, Twanda Sweet, and Diane Goode?	Kathy,	Kathy,	Would you please get access to expertfinder reinstated for my group: me, Lizzette Palmer, Twanda Sweet, and Diane Goode?
Please also record OASIS numbers in your Deal Entry or in Deal Scheduling	Dear Traders,. I have been finding and fixing a great number of transmission deals lately and I have noticed the following that keeps coming up:. When you put in a deal, please include the wheel if you are using transmission and be sure to route it properly.. When you schedule transmission for a deal, please be sure to separate light load hours and heavy load hours and put them in at different prices.. except Sundays and holidays, which are for the most part at LLH prices all day .	except Sundays and holidays, which are for the most part at LLH prices all day .	Please also record OASIS numbers in your Deal Entry or in Deal Scheduling when you request tranny.
Please call me directly at x33214 should you wish to talk further about this.	Jeff:. Thanks for your note.. As previously discussed with Stephen, EGM Legal will work reasonably and cooperatively with you guys so that your objectives can be reached on time while at the same time beginning the process over the coming weeks of integrating Dominic into our team here.	As previously discussed with Stephen, EGM Legal will work reasonably and cooperatively with you guys so that your objectives can be reached on time while at the same time beginning the process over the coming weeks of integrating Dominic into our team here.	Please call me directly at x33214 should you wish to talk further about this.
Errol give me a call when you get this	Paul,. This is the file from Man that we talked about.. Please give me a call when you get this because it has a lot of data that we don t need, but I can t omit information from the file.. Thanks,. Errol mcLaughlin, X5-8274. COB 2-15	COB 2-15	Errol give me a call when you get this
Will you coordinate with Lari?	For safe keeping today I reserved:solarium room; walden; redwood suite for 22nd, 23th, 24th.. Great that Prentice can come!. If she doesn t want to go on a longer ride maybe she and Rob could cut off early...all depends on what she wants and if Rob comes along.. I m all up for inviting Carl.. I think he might have a consulting gig in VA but I m not sure.. Want me to send an email to the gang?. I m up for riding on Friday, Sat and 1/2 day on sunday or one day less.. Let me know your preference.	Let me know your preference.	Will you coordinate with Lari?
Please remove the price on the Tenaska IV sale, deal 384258, for July and enter the demand fee.			Darren: Please remove the price on the Tenaska IV sale, deal 384258, for July and enter the demand fee.
Give me a call.	Sara,. This issue is beyond my area of knowledge.. I m sure Tana can answer those questions.. tm. Per my earlier email and the one below, could you please let us know about the 2000 Defintions?. Thanks.. Sara. I got a copy of 2000 Definitions Annex via distribution today.. However, I did not know of nor do I have the 2000 Definitions, which apparently restated/conformed the 1991/1998 basic ISDA definitions.. Our Master still refs 1991, as amended etc., so it probably does pick up the 2000 issuance by ISDA.. Do you have the 2000?. Do we need to order?. Should we consider revising the master agreement in respect of the definition incorporation language?	Should we consider revising the master agreement in respect of the definition incorporation language?	Give me a call.
Please review this applicant s resume and let me know if you think we should			Please review this applicant s resume and let me know if you think we should interbiew her.
Call me at the house, 713-528-1141.	Will we be in a position to review our associate and analyst positions this weekend to determine if we can offer a job to Zach McCarroll as an analyst on the desk or in fundies?	Will we be in a position to review our associate and analyst positions this weekend to determine if we can offer a job to Zach McCarroll as an analyst on the desk or in fundies?	Call me at the house, PHONE .
Please mark your calendars, bring a guest, and join the Enron Global Markets			Please mark your calendars, bring a guest, and join the Enron Global Markets - Coal Emissions Group for an evening at the McClellans in beautiful downtown Sugarland at 7:00 pm, Saturday, September 16.
Please distribute the following message to all of Enron Wholesale Services			Please distribute the following message to all of Enron Wholesale Services 20 this evening.
Please, send him my bio.	Shirley,	Shirley,	Please, send him my bio.
Can you look into this?	mark,	mark,	Can you look into this?
Can you give me the phone number	Vince,. If that doesn t work we can meet on Saturday.. No problem.. My cellular phone is PHONE .. I will have it on, Friday after 11am.. Looking forward to seeing you,. Nick. Vince.J.Kaminski enron.com wrote: Nick, The plan is OK, subject to unforeseen complications.. My flight from London was delayed and I had to spend a night in Newark, NJ.. My schedule for today was disrupted and I had to postpone my departure till Friday morning.. I should be at San Francisco around 10:00 a.m. if there is no delay.. I should be able to meet you at noon at your office.. Please, confirm the meeting both to my office E-mail address and my private address vkaminski aol.com .	Please, confirm the meeting both to my office E-mail address and my private address vkaminski aol.com .	Can you give me the phone number at which I can reach you on Friday if there is a delay?
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Nancy Langhart 309 Nutgrove Ln Albany, NY 12202 langharn maail.strose.edu. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Wes, can you adjust West Power numbers for the drop in headcount.			Wes, can you adjust West Power numbers for the drop in headcount.
To subscribe to the list by email, send a blank message to:	- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 4 DVDs for only 0.49 each plus s h !. What are you waiting for?. Start building your library today with your favorite films.. With so many titles to choose from, you?re bound to find some essential titles you just can t live without!. Click for more details: http://by.advertising.com/1/c/62072/27985/153209/153209. a href http://by.advertising.com/1/c/62072/27985/153209/153209 AOL users click here - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -. Word of the Day for Tuesday February 26, 2002:. salubrious suh-LOO-bree-us , adjective: Favorable to health; promoting health; healthful.. A physician warned him his health was precarious, so Montague returned to the United States, shelved his legal ambitions and searched for a salubrious climate where he might try farming.. -- Teeing Off Into the Past At Oakhurst, 1 New York Times, May 2, 1999. For years, her mother has maintained that the sea air has a salubrious effect on both her spirits and her vocal cords.. --Anita Shreve, 2 Fortune s Rocks. Uptown, however, the tanners less salubrious quarter is notorious for its stench.. -- Byzantium, 3 Toronto Star, February 7, 1999. Salubrious is from Latin salubris, healthful, from salus, health.. References. 1. http://www.nytimes.com/ 2. http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/ PHONE /ref 3Dnosim/lexico 3. http://www.thestar.com/. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. You are currently subscribed to Dictionary.com Word of the Day as: matt.motley enron.com	You are currently subscribed to Dictionary.com Word of the Day as: matt.motley enron.com	To subscribe to the list by email, send a blank message to: join-WordoftheDay lists.lexico.com
Gerald - Please begin the process of having this ENA gty executed.	hello everyone,. Attached are the ENA/TEPI guaranty formats.. Bridgeline Holdings already provides Cinergy Marketing Trading a 15MM guaranty, but ongoing spot market transactions are consistantly above the cap.. Therefore, we have offered to provide a JV gty.. See below e-mails for reference.	See below e-mails for reference.	Gerald - Please begin the process of having this ENA gty executed.
Please make sure the net of this gets to Harbor by the 25th.	The Harbor annuity for gas is in the system as a leg on deal number 598956.1.. The amount was 1,680,275.21.. So, we are ready to process payments for April, summing the day ahead revenue in EnPower with this gas annuity.	So, we are ready to process payments for April, summing the day ahead revenue in EnPower with this gas annuity.	Please make sure the net of this gets to Harbor by the 25th.
Call me and we will discuss.	Prices should close above last month so we don t expect an imbalance revaluation hit in October.. We will continue monitoring prices, at this time the margin is too small to count for much.. Richard Hanagriff, at the staff meeting today TW linepack was too full, is this due to imbalance payback in?. If so who is doing it.	If so who is doing it.	Call me and we will discuss.
Jim, Tom and Christi -- Please send these to others that you think would like	Rick -- Attached is my list of rehearing issues for the Southern and GridSouth RTO orders that you requested.. Also included are summaries of GridSouth and Southern Orders.	Also included are summaries of GridSouth and Southern Orders.	Jim, Tom and Christi -- Please send these to others that you think would like to see them.
Please give him a call and find a way to resolve his problem.	Could there be other counterparties that have the same concern as Hess?. You will have to explain to me what the issue was.. Thanks.. --Sally. Talked to Steve a few minutes ago.. We will adjust our process as necessary to allow Hess to aggregate trades on a daily basis.. I do not know the reason we stopped doing this but we will revert back to the old process.. Let me know if you need anything else.. Brent. I received a phone call from Steve Semlitz who runs Hess Trading in New York.. He is frustrated with the new way he is dealing with settlement post the introduction of EOL.. In that now we do not allow him to aggregate.	In that now we do not allow him to aggregate.	Please give him a call and find a way to resolve his problem.
Please, send a message with a resume again and we shall go from there.	Eric,. Thanks for your message.. No resume has been attached to your communication.. Can you, please, send me an electronic version of your CV?. Vince Kaminski. Mr. Vince Kaminski. Thank you for your response.. I inquired about sending a resume to your company, and you kindly asked me to send it directly to you and you would pass it on.. I sent that out about 2 - 2 1/2 weeks ago.. I never received a response, so I was just following up.. I apologize for any inconveniences, I m just very determined and dedicated about building my career, as well as my life around Enron.. You are very kind to respond to my emails, Mr. Kaminski.. I deeply appreciate it.. Nobody else that I ve talked to at the other energy companies have given me the time-of-day .. You are very professional and courteous and I feel this is indicative of your well-established company.. That s why I sought out Enron to establish my career.. Thank you for your valuable time.. Warmest Regards, Eric Hilton. Vince.J.Kaminski enron.com wrote:. Eric, Thank you for your message.. The only other message in my mailbox from you is dated 6/11/2000 and contains a reference to a resume I cannot locate.. I checked the log of all the messages and could not find any other communication from you.	I checked the log of all the messages and could not find any other communication from you.	Please, send a message with a resume again and we shall go from there.
Please call the NYMEX ACCESSc Control Center  NACC  for all NYMEX ACCESSc	As of Monday, March 26, 2001, the NYMEX ACCESSc web site remains unavailable.. We expect to have the web site available on Sunday, April 1st for trade date April 2nd.. We will inform you if the web site becomes available earlier.	We will inform you if the web site becomes available earlier.	Please call the NYMEX ACCESSc Control Center NACC for all NYMEX ACCESSc price information at PHONE .
response using the buttons below and update your calendar for this date.	Jen, please take care of this for EGM. All,. The Analyst and Associate Programs recognize we have many Analyst needs that need to be addressed immediately.. While we anticipate many new Analysts joining Enron this summer late May and fulltime August we felt it necessary to address some of the immediate needs with an Off-Cycle Recruiting event.. We are planning this event for Thursday, February 15 and are inviting approximately 30 candidates to be interviewed.. I am asking that you forward this note to any potential interviewers Managers or above .. We will conduct first round interviews in the morning and the second round interviews in the afternoon.. We need for interviewers to commit either to the morning 9am-12pm or afternoon 2pm-5pm complete session.	We need for interviewers to commit either to the morning 9am-12pm or afternoon 2pm-5pm complete session.	Please submit your response using the buttons below and update your calendar for this date.
Please also add her to your update emails.	Could you please give Delma Salazar a call tomorrow and come by and set up OA Exposure and ROAR on her PC.	Could you please give Delma Salazar a call tomorrow and come by and set up OA Exposure and ROAR on her PC.	Please also add her to your update emails.
Please print and sign the attached letter resigning your appointment as an attorney in fact, and return to me for filing in the corporate records.			Please print and sign the attached letter resigning your appointment as an attorney in fact, and return to me for filing in the corporate records.
Can you forward these attachments to	Here s the flowgate info I promised.	Here s the flowgate info I promised.	Can you forward these attachments to ESCA?
Please forward to Citizens.	Revised per our discussion.	Revised per our discussion.	Please forward to Citizens.
please mail to melissa kean, 3631 meadowlake, houston, tx 77027,			please mail to melissa kean, 3631 meadowlake, houston, tx 77027, thanks
tomorrow, but please send the spreadsheet over to Tom today so we can be sure	Kim:. Can you do this for Citizens?	Can you do this for Citizens?	Tom will be out of the office today, but back tomorrow, but please send the spreadsheet over to Tom today so we can be sure we understand each other on the arithmetic.
Please forward a copy of the executed swap confirmation.			Please forward a copy of the executed swap confirmation.
Please settle with the customer.	The information is correct.	The information is correct.	Please settle with the customer.
Can you please do something quick to tell us what the Needles pressure need to be?			Great Gary, Can you please do something quick to tell us what the Needles pressure need to be?
Please respond to  ssanderson riskwaters.com			Simon Sanderson ssanderson riskwaters.com on 02/08/2001 10:50:51 AM Please respond to ssanderson riskwaters.com To: sally.beck enron.com cc: Subject: Risk 2001.
Raetta, would you please work with Richard and have him do the same process you have			Raetta, would you please work with Richard and have him do the same process you have done with NNG.
With this added information, can you generate the contemplated confirmation?			Ellen, With this added information, can you generate the contemplated confirmation?
Please review and comment ASAP.	Attached is a memo to ESA employees that Diomedes and I have been working on.. I don t think there will be any concerns except for the section in bold.. It does admit that we are looking at the potential sale of some assets, although the message is softened up quite a bit.. Will it cause widespread panic or live up to our vision and values that communication is good.	Will it cause widespread panic or live up to our vision and values that communication is good.	Please review and comment ASAP.
Could you discuss with Eldon whether you guys want to do the Dome road while	We ll send a card.. She s 19?. Well, if we have to, we ll take some tomotoes.....Taking the suit and if Prentice permits Annie, too.	Well, if we have to, we ll take some tomotoes.....Taking the suit and if Prentice permits Annie, too.	Could you discuss with Eldon whether you guys want to do the Dome road while my is doing my road at the end of the month?
Please forward this link to any members of your team	Below is the link that will allow you to get into the Financial Trading Agreement Database.	Below is the link that will allow you to get into the Financial Trading Agreement Database.	Please forward this link to any members of your team that might find it helpful.
Therefore, please initiate a review of the descriptions pertinent to your	Dan, Brent, Shari -. We have been asked to review the provisions of Truequote - a third party trading platform - on which Enron may possibly trade.. I have requested access for each of you to the site www.truequote.com and hope to have this for each of you a bit later today.. In order to get you started, I have provided the general product descriptions below.. The use of this system is in conjunction with another deal we are currently working on with Truequote which will enable counterparties to hit Enron posted prices and transact with Enron through the Truequote site.. Timing on this matter is rather tight as we need to finalize all agreements and be ready to begin using the Truequote site on Monday, March 12.	Timing on this matter is rather tight as we need to finalize all agreements and be ready to begin using the Truequote site on Monday, March 12.	Therefore, please initiate a review of the descriptions pertinent to your area as soon as possible so that I can coordinate any comments you may have with my general comments to the access agreement.
Just send me  50 and we won t worry about it.			Just send me 50 and we won t worry about it.
If any of you have time tomorrow, can you do me this - can you call	I made the call and they took my request.. Bob. On Wed, 24 Oct 2001 20:30:28 -0500 Amy Alistair barnesfamilyus prodigy.net writes:. The mosquitoes are terrible.. It is hurting me to look at Kendall my son any more, as the number of bites on him have gone into the double digits.. I cannot imagine that we are the only ones suffering from these nasty littl e pests, and I want to do something about it.	I cannot imagine that we are the only ones suffering from these nasty littl e pests, and I want to do something about it.	If any of you have time tomorrow, can you do me this - can you call Harris County Mosquito Control and help me complain?
Please verify which price is correct.	Diane,. I am also missing two deals from the same time.. One goes with deal NA0713.5 for delivery to Transco Z6, the term is Mar 00-Feb 01 for various volumes and prices, CES buying Mar 00 vol.. - 11,137 0.5250 .. The second goes with deal NA1137.2 for delivery to Columbia Gulf Mainline, the term is Mar 01-Apr 01: Mar 01 26,671 0.0375 Apr 01 13,166 0.0300. Please check on these confirms and refax them to me PHONE .. Thanks for your help,. Brian PHONE . I changed the Oct 2000 volume on deal 203062 tagg NA1167.8 from 95244 dth to 95246 dth.. Please make the following change: Deal 203030 NA1137.4 change the volume for April from 50,857 dth to 13,527 dth, and change the volume for May from 17,866 dth to 4,752 dth.. Please verify the following info; The confirm for deal 169036 NA0713.1 shows a price of 2.295 .6800, according to CES this should be a price of 2.795 .6800.. Please verify which price is correct.. The confirm for deal 168997 NA0713.4 shows a basis price of .455 for April and CES is showing .175.	The confirm for deal 168997 NA0713.4 shows a basis price of .455 for April and CES is showing .175.	Please verify which price is correct.
Please print for me	Buried somewhere in these e:mail messages is a resume.	Buried somewhere in these e:mail messages is a resume.	Please print for me and put it in a resume folder along with some others that I have in my outbox .
Please have the accompanying docs ready so	Sam, I am forwarding to you the final version of the ECT Investments - Raymond James Agreement today for execution.. By the end of the day, R/J should call me back with a separate account number for an identical agreement for ENA for signature as well.	By the end of the day, R/J should call me back with a separate account number for an identical agreement for ENA for signature as well.	Please have the accompanying docs ready so that we can send everything out for signature asap.
Please check and advise.	Dan believes we have a guaranty already in place with Florida Power and Light Company from last year?	Dan believes we have a guaranty already in place with Florida Power and Light Company from last year?	Please check and advise.
Please call us at	Good Afternoon,. The IT shop in Portland now has a new Bat Phone to contact IT 24 hours a day 7 days a week.	The IT shop in Portland now has a new Bat Phone to contact IT 24 hours a day 7 days a week.	Please call us at
Kate, please check			Kate, please check APB showed Diana Scholtes 568843.01 price 302.00 and doesn t fee have .0275
Bonnie--could you call him and find out what this is about?			Bonnie--could you call him and find out what this is about?
I will attach the AV form and the marketing form -  please send them back as soon as possible if you have not done  so yet.	Dear Speaker at Gas PoweRisk 2001!. I just wanted to give you a little update on the developments of the preparations for the conference in November in Paris.. We have now just launched the second round of marketing for the event, and bookings are coming in very nicely - it promises to be another exciting conference, and even bigger and better than last year s!. For those who have not yet done so, I would like to remind you of the possibility to send us the names of contacts that you would like to get informed about your involvement in the event, and we will then make sure that they receive a conference brochure.. To assure the highest level of confidentiality, you can also send these names to our third party mailing house instead, and we will guarantee you that we only use them for this one mailing.. Furthermore, I would like to remind you to book your hotel room in Paris as soon as possible, should you not have done so already.. The conference hotel is filling up very quickly, and we will only be able to hold rooms for you until the 28th September - so if you wish to stay in the conference hotel, please fax the booking form directly to the hotel as soon as possible to avoid disappointment.. Also please remember that we require a copy of your presentation by Friday 12th October.. Please make sure it gets to us in time, as it can otherwise not be included in the conference documentation pack, which in the past has been a constant source of complaints from our delegates.. Thank you for your cooperation!	Thank you for your cooperation!	I will attach the AV form and the marketing form - please send them back as soon as possible if you have not done so yet.
already done so, please send me the following:	Flip:. This e-mail will confirm the site visit by your company at Gleason and Wheatland.. The relevant information is as follows:	The relevant information is as follows:	Pursuant to the Site Visit Procedures sent you by CSFB, if you have not already done so, please send me the following: List of your team members and titles For outside consultants, state their employer Name, phone number office and mobile and e-mail address of your designated deal team leader
Please look at the PG E CG	Anne,. I would like to check the index positions in the physindex tab in NCD.. Please have all of the positions in the BasisTransport tab, section transport model, added to the phys index position totals.	Please have all of the positions in the BasisTransport tab, section transport model, added to the phys index position totals.	Please look at the PG E CG positions for May-Oct, I added the transport positions already.
market on both the 3100 call and put at all times.	Andy: The problem if we limit the size on options to being what size is offered on the swap hedge, we will not be able to offer adequate size on the options.. Optimally, I think we want to offer a minimum size of 100 across all strikes.. If the swap is 4/4.5, one a day up, and someone buys half a day, making the market, 4/4.5 one a day by half a day, the size offered on a 10 cent out of the money call might be as low as 30 contracts, a much smaller size than most people want to trade.. If we restrict to strikes with a lower delta, we face the problem of not offering enough strikes and not making a market in options that have open EOL interest that have moved closer to the money.. Maybe the answer is to assume the swap hedge to be a penny wide two way wrapped around the EOL swap mid market.. Thus if the front swap on EOL is 4/4.5 one a day by half a day, the input into the option calculator is 3.75/4.75, 100 up.. In this case I think 100 is necessary because once a strike has open interest, we must continue to support it.. Thus I anticipate having to make markets in deep itm options as the market moves.. In terms of straddle strikes, I think the edge received from buying straddles struck on the EOL offer and vice-versa is not big enough to compensate for what I think the industry will view as a scam and another way Enron is trying to rip people off.. Although striking on the mid-market is probably easier for the trader, I actually think striking in five cent increments makes more sense.. It allows people to trade out of the position on EOL.. Whereas if someone buys the 3085 straddle and the market moves to 3200, they have to call ENE to close the trade.	Whereas if someone buys the 3085 straddle and the market moves to 3200, they have to call ENE to close the trade.	If the trade is struck at 3100, we will have a market on both the 3100 call and put at all times.
Those of you that are coming in on Thursday, please make sure	Attached is everything that you would want to know about our customer outing this week.. If anyone has any problems with hotel rooms or anything else, let me know.	If anyone has any problems with hotel rooms or anything else, let me know.	Those of you that are coming in on Thursday, please make sure that you have told the Sheraton on Highway 280 so they will hold your room for Thursday night.
Please coordinate with Jean and decide who will call either Rick Hill or Chuck Ward.	Thane --. You are probably already aware but if not, Enron holds an interest in Project Cornhusker a QF in Cleburne .. There are some issues that may develop with the plant related to its ability or inability to meet specific ERCOT guidelines.. Generation Investments is managing this asset and relations with Brazos Co-op.. Their primary concern is that Mirant is Brazos Co-op s QSE and may be interested in playing games with the plant through modification of ERCOT rules.	Their primary concern is that Mirant is Brazos Co-op s QSE and may be interested in playing games with the plant through modification of ERCOT rules.	Please coordinate with Jean and decide who will call either Rick Hill or Chuck Ward.
Please make a note that on 2/15 at Aquila Header  WGR pipe in system  meter			Please make a note that on 2/15 at Aquila Header WGR pipe in system meter 11230 HPL/Aquila Hdr meter 980072, that there is a net out of purchase deal 626230 sale to Kinder Morgan deal 626231 for a volume 29310.
am out next week, please check with Terry Kowalke or Mike Bodnar.	An update on our change for the Storage Allocation.. Several questions have come up over the weekend.. The weekend crew is documenting the questions.. I have left Mike Bodnar and John Buchanan a phone mail message to research the questions and concerns on Monday.. Then we will group with storage and determine what changes need to be made.. One change we talked about on the Sunday morning call with storage is to be able to use SBS on the non allocated portion of storage.. ie, if we are allocating injections, then withdrawals should still use SBS.. If we are allocating withdrawals, then injections should still have access to SBS.. Mike Bodnar will pursue this enhancement further.. Thanks.. Lynn. FYI.. Just to keep ya ll in the loop.. This fix should be ready for test on Monday and migrated Monday night for Tuesday s use.. This fix will be very beneficial in minimizing Shipper imbalances on NNG.. Terry and Gerry will work with the teams to be sure everyone is up to speed on the change.	Terry and Gerry will work with the teams to be sure everyone is up to speed on the change.	If you have any questions while I am out next week, please check with Terry Kowalke or Mike Bodnar.
Please review it so that there aren t any problems from	Carol St. Clair EB 38 PHONE Phone PHONE Fax carol.st.clair enron.com. I am sending you the Spanish translation of the cover letter that we are planning on sendig out to our customers.. Mario Parra send it to me to taylor it to this market.	Mario Parra send it to me to taylor it to this market.	Please review it so that there aren t any problems from the legal and image perspectives.
Please draft a Confidentiality Agreement for the following C/P			Please draft a Confidentiality Agreement for the following C/P
Please make two colored copies of this document.			Please make two colored copies of this document.
in this opportunity please forward me an updated copy of your resume.	Charles:. We are currently looking at peotnial candiates to interview for the Trading Track.. Your name was suggested by Ed McMichael.	Your name was suggested by Ed McMichael.	If you are interested in this opportunity please forward me an updated copy of your resume.
Please send me your resume.			Please send me your resume.
If not please send.	Has this gone to Ken yet.	Has this gone to Ken yet.	If not please send.
Susan - Would you please review the following report and let me know if there are any new developments that I should include in Jim s monthly report  for November .			Susan - Would you please review the following report and let me know if there are any new developments that I should include in Jim s monthly report for November .
Michelle, please call Bobbi  name   phone below  and take care of her			Michelle, please call Bobbi name phone below and take care of her request.
Please call the ICE 24 hour Help Desk with any questions  770 738 2101.	Oil Traders: Effective Monday October 29, IntercontinentalExchange will lis t the prompt four months for the WTI bullet/Brent bullet.. These new strips will need to be manually entered into portfolios.. API Developers: The new product ID for the Crude Diff WTI bullet/Brent bul let is 171.. The old product ID for this market was 18.	The old product ID for this market was 18.	Please call the ICE 24 hour Help Desk with any questions PHONE .
the email please delete.	FYI: You might see an email with an attachment called AnnaKournikova.jpg.vbs DO NOT OPEN this file it is a virus.	FYI: You might see an email with an attachment called AnnaKournikova.jpg.vbs DO NOT OPEN this file it is a virus.	If you receive the email please delete.
could you forward copies of the LDC filings to the group.	We need to communicate with Massey before he gets completely carried away blaming the interstate pipeline business for gas price spikes.. We need to get him the information regarding Cal LDCs failure to fill storage and their opposition to additional pipeline construction in the state.	We need to get him the information regarding Cal LDCs failure to fill storage and their opposition to additional pipeline construction in the state.	Shelley -- could you forward copies of the LDC filings to the group.
Please respond to    jjw ziplip.com	Jeff,. We shall continue talking to Howard when he comes back from NYC.. I shall set up an interview with him.. Vince	Vince	jjw ziplip.com on 02/05/2001 12:49:20 PM Please respond to jjw ziplip.com To: Vince.J.Kaminski enron.com cc: Subject: Vince...feedback from Howard on debrief
See Leslie s approval below, and please approve this in DataManager.	Mark -	Mark -	See Leslie s approval below, and please approve this in DataManager.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Lori Josephson Woodemere Ct Cedarburg, WI 53012 lorijosephson masn.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Can you make this change and forward to  Phil?			Can you make this change and forward to Phil?
Please, put on my schedule.			Shirley, Please, put on my schedule.
Please forward any correspondence or emails to me.	FYI - see below. I will be taking over Leslie Campbell s duties while she is on maternity leave.	I will be taking over Leslie Campbell s duties while she is on maternity leave.	Please forward any correspondence or emails to me.
Please make the following changes for me please:			Please make the following changes for me please: No Vacation on Sept. 11 Change my late day from sept 12 to sept 19 schedule vacation on Sept. 18th.
Either give me a call at  home  412-802-6429  or send me	Pierre Philippe,. We have two options.. Kevin will be interviewing in mid-December in Pittsburgh and he can talk to you you or we can invite you to Houston.. What are you interested in?. A quant position or a trading job?. Our trading desks are looking for people with trading experience.. Vince. Dear Mr. Kaminski, ?. Even though I cannot pass official interviews, I would like to discuss with ENRON.. I was really impressed by your presentation and I think I would be a good fit for your firm.. ?. I know that you?will be soon recruiting on campus, maybe we could set up an informal meeting .	I know that you?will be soon recruiting on campus, maybe we could set up an informal meeting .	Either give me a call at home PHONE or send me an email at this address.
Please set up appropriate deal tickets	Valero has accepted this proposal.	Valero has accepted this proposal.	Please set up appropriate deal tickets and Dan Hyvl is preparing a new contract.
Kate, please check with Mark F. to verify if marking okay by delivery point.			Kate, please check with Mark F. to verify if marking okay by delivery point.
CUSTOMER COMMENTS   for info please call 503 464-5070	Reservation status has changed to REFUSED.. See attachment.	See attachment.	ASSIGNMENT REF 30637 SELLER CODE AZPS SELLER DUNS PHONE CUSTOMER CODE EPMI CUSTOMER DUNS PHONE AFFILIATE FLAG 0 PATH NAME W/AZPS/AZPS-AZPS/FOURCORNE345 - PNPKAPS230// POINT OF RECEIPT FOURCORNE345 POINT OF DELIVERY PNPKAPS230 SOURCE FOURCORNERS SINK PRESCHEDULE CAPACITY 0 CAPACITY REQUESTED 25 SERVICE INCREMENT HOURLY TS CLASS FIRM TS TYPE POINT TO POINT TS PERIOD OFF PEAK TS WINDOW FIXED TS SUBCLASS WHEEL NERC CURTAILMENT PRIORITY Nerc Priority 1 OTHER CURTAILMENT PRIORITY Default START TIME 06/01/2002 STOP TIME 06/01/2002 CEILING PRICE 1.95 OFFER PRICE 1.95 BID PRICE 1.95 PRICE UNITS /mW PRECONFIRMED YES ANC SVC LINK N/A ANC SVC REQ N/A POSTING REF 0 SALE REF REQUEST REF DEAL REF NEGOTIATED PRICE FLAG STATUS REFUSED STATUS NOTIFICATION lisa.gang enron.com STATUS COMMENTS anulled per customer request TIME QUEUED 05/30/2002 RESPONSE TIME LIMIT TIME OF LAST UPDATE 05/30/2002 PRIMARY PROVIDER COMMENTS SELLER COMMENTS CUSTOMER COMMENTS for info please call PHONE SELLER NAME AZPS SELLER PHONE PHONE SELLER FAX PHONE SELLER EMAIL oasisadm apsc.com CUSTOMER NAME Enron Power Marketing, Inc.
Joe and Linda, could you prepare our views on these two and forward to Ken?			Joe and Linda, could you prepare our views on these two and forward to Ken?
Please call me at 713.221.1419 regarding the foregoing.	Kay,. Please find attached for your review a Closing Documents list and a very preliminary draft of the Enovate Credit Agreement.. Once you have had a chance to review the attached with your business people, let s set up a call to discuss structure/changes/etc.. In addition to confirming the basics lending entity, interest rate, term , we will need to discuss financial covenants	In addition to confirming the basics lending entity, interest rate, term , we will need to discuss financial covenants	Please call me at PHONE regarding the foregoing.
Please make your check payable to CASA or Raphael House, you may evenly	Thank you to all who participated in our benefit auction at the holiday party last weekend.. Donations, auction funds and the Enron match will result in 12,000 for two local charities!. This year we are directing our fund-raising efforts to two worthwhile community resources: Portland s Court Appointed Special Advocates program CASA and the Raphael House shelter for battered women and their children.. CASA is a non-profit organization that places community volunteers with foster children and at-risk youth to ensure their fair treatment in the courts.. Raphael House provides a refuge for women and children oppressed by domestic violence.	Raphael House provides a refuge for women and children oppressed by domestic violence.	Please make your check payable to CASA or Raphael House, you may evenly distribute your donation with a check to each or the total to your preferred charity.
can you come right now?			can you come right now?
Put this in my binder and tell him to start sending it to you.			Put this in my binder and tell him to start sending it to you.
copy, use or disclose this communication to others; also please notify the	This message and any attachments are intended for the individual or entity named above.	This message and any attachments are intended for the individual or entity named above.	If you are not the intended recipient, please do not read, copy, use or disclose this communication to others; also please notify the sender by replying to this message, and then delete it from your system.
Please contact members of both houses so that the concerns of the	SVMG ENERGY COMMITTEE MEMBERS, LIAISON REPRESENTATIVES PRINCIPAL OFFICERS:. The California business community needs your help in opposing AB67 XX.. This bill represents a dangerous attempt to rewrite SB78 XX, the Edison bail-out legislation, which passed the Assembly last Friday.. After months of good faith discussions the amendments the California Business Coalition so strongly advocated for have been completely disregarded.. Direct Access continues to be threatened and an unfair rate increase for large energy users still lingers.. We urge you to contact your local delegation to express your opposition to this inequitable legislation.. The Senate will be voting on SB67 XX immediately.. If passed, the bill will go to the Assembly for vote tomorrow morning.	If passed, the bill will go to the Assembly for vote tomorrow morning.	Please contact members of both houses so that the concerns of the California business community are clearly heard.
assignment, please notify me ahead of time and provide an estimated time	Hello Dutch.. Thanks for meeting with us today - I think we gained a lot of ground.. I ve delayed this message for a couple of days in hopes that you catch up with the last two weeks assignments that you have not handed in yet.. Again, I ve included the high-level outline for each content area that you should follow when writing this week s assignment.. Remember - this assignment should be placed in the ECW.. I ve included instructions to remind you how to use this tool.. Note - If the content you have written does not fit onto the page, please just send it to us in an email.. Thank you!. Website: http://reds2000.click2learn.com/PROJECTS/accenture/Enron/launchpad.html Login: dquigley Password: Enron4. See attached file: ECW Instructions.doc. This Week s Assignment: This week s assignment will be to write about each of the following areas: 1 Benefits Challenges Page 1 4 6 1 in the Futures topic 2 Buying a Put/Selling a Put Page 1 7 5 1 - in the Options topic. Outlines to Help Guide You When Writing Benefits Challenges of Using Futures ?. Benefits - Financial and performance guarantee - Liquidity ?. Challenges - Need to put up margin to cover changes in mark to market position - Need to be aware of physical obligation at expiration, if there is no intention of receiving or taking delivery - Do not know counterparty only if you go to delivery - Only Henry Hub. Buying a Put/Selling a Put - Buying a Put: Short position - Physical and financial example and payout associated with it - Selling a Put: Long position - Physical and financial example and payout associated with it - Market expectations on when to buy or sell a put. Finally and most importantly, please keep in mind that the completion of these assignments significantly impacts the the ability of our BRM project to stay on schedule and within budget.	Finally and most importantly, please keep in mind that the completion of these assignments significantly impacts the the ability of our BRM project to stay on schedule and within budget.	If you are unable to complete this assignment, please notify me ahead of time and provide an estimated time for completion.
Please path these deals in Unify.	I just entered the following 2 deals in Sitara for September, deals 433359 and 433385.	I just entered the following 2 deals in Sitara for September, deals 433359 and 433385.	Please path these deals in Unify.
Can you guys make the following entries, they are all in the format of what			Can you guys make the following entries, they are all in the format of what Texas needs to be to be flat needs to be a revenue entry : Tsf fin liquidations to Transport Book: 0002 31, PHONE 39,525
You can send her an E-mail  please see the first message at the bottom of the	We are supposed to get back to the headhunter.	We are supposed to get back to the headhunter.	You can send her an E-mail please see the first message at the bottom of the page for the address .
Give me a call Tuesday afternoon to discuss  gone to Kelowna golfing for the	Find attached resume and cover letter.. Hopefully he didn t spel anyting incorrectly.. Dan is really smart and a hard worker.. I think he would be a good fit.	I think he would be a good fit.	Give me a call Tuesday afternoon to discuss gone to Kelowna golfing for the weekend .
Can your people please move it back ASAP and find us another one.	It appears that the fax you moved in on the 33rd floor was actively being used by Scott Tholan and his assistant on that floor x58889 .	It appears that the fax you moved in on the 33rd floor was actively being used by Scott Tholan and his assistant on that floor x58889 .	Can your people please move it back ASAP and find us another one.
Please print and store for next week s calendar items			Please print and store for next week s calendar items
Please provide me with your response as soon as possible.	Tana -. Peter s message below contains a form of NDA that was provided to New World by both EBS and Enron Puerto Rico.. While I realize they are not Net Works, if this form is acceptable, do we have to have special approval from ENW management to use a different form?. Let me know because I have no problem with the attached form and need to finalize this for Peter.. Thanks.. Mark Senior Counsel, ENA Phone: PHONE Facsimile: PHONE E-Mail: Mark.Greenberg enron.com. Mark:. Attached for your review and comment please find New World Network s comments to our initial draft of the NDA.	Attached for your review and comment please find New World Network s comments to our initial draft of the NDA.	Please provide me with your response as soon as possible.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Hilary Manners New York, NY 10009 hmlight aol.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please look into this.	Liz,	Liz,	Please look into this.
Also, could you please forward to me a copy of the signed CA for	Attached is the credit worksheet for the Omnibus.. Steven needs this to go out today.	Steven needs this to go out today.	Also, could you please forward to me a copy of the signed CA for my file?
Netscape Navigator, and please type or copy the URL	IMMEDIATE ACTION REQUIRED - Do Not Delete Executive Impact Influence Program. As part of the Executive Impact and Influence Program, each participant is asked to gather input on the participant s own management styles and practices as experienced by their immediate manager, each direct report, and up to eight colleagues/peers.. You have been requested to provide feedback for a participant attending the next program.. Your input i.e., a Self assessment, if you are a participant in this program, Manager assessment, Direct Report assessment, or Colleague/Peer assessment will be combined with the input of others and used by the program participant to develop an action plan to improve his/her management styles and practices.. If you are providing feedback as a Manager of the participant, please note that your feedback will be identified in the summary report.. It is important that you complete this assessment NO LATER THAN CLOSE OF BUSINESS on Friday, October 6.. To begin the online administration process, you will need the following Internet address and Password s .. NOTE: If you are providing feedback for more than one person, each password and participant name is individually listed below.	NOTE: If you are providing feedback for more than one person, each password and participant name is individually listed below.	Open your Internet browser e.g., Internet Explorer or Netscape Navigator, and please type or copy the URL address below into your Internet browser please DO NOT go through Lotus Notes :
In addition, could you look over the list below to	none. By Friday December 1st, could you please tell me the percentages/amount of time you spent on East Coast Power during the months of October and November.	By Friday December 1st, could you please tell me the percentages/amount of time you spent on East Coast Power during the months of October and November.	In addition, could you look over the list below to see if there are any additional employees in your group that spent time on ECP, so we can ensure we bill all of our used resources to ECP.
Please mark your calendars for a wine reception on June 7th.			Please mark your calendars for a wine reception on June 7th.
Please pass this on to other alumni and friends of IU	IU News 010601 June 1, 2001. Welcome to IU News.	Welcome to IU News.	Please pass this on to other alumni and friends of IU who you believe may be interested.
please get me any comments by COB	Due to the size of this possible transaction, I thought I would keep you in the loop on its status.. We submitted a bid with caveats as to its non-binding nature, and suggested an alternative structure.. In response, Navigant issued questions.. John Llodra has compiled answers, which appear to be fine to me.. We Legal have been instructed to standby, awaiting commercial guidance as to whether we will be going forward.. I believe Klauberg has either cleared conflicts or initiated the process, so if we go forward, he should be our man.. I will let you know once a go/no go decision is reached.. Kay. Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 05/15/2001 10:53 AM. see attached first draft of responses.	see attached first draft of responses.	please get me any comments by COB today as i need to submit by 10 AM tomorrow.
Please respond to  Novell NetWare Help   NWReplies bellevue.com			NW on Novell NetWare NovellNetWare bdcimail.com on 03/24/2000 09:23:59 AM Please respond to Novell NetWare Help NWReplies bellevue.com To: vkamins enron.com cc: 20 Subject: Filling in forms automatically
Please would you send me your fax number.	CONFIDENTIALITY This e-mail and any attachments are confidential and may also be privileged.. If you are not the named recipient, please notify the sender immediately and do not disclose the contents to another person, use it for any purpose, or store or copy the information in any medium.	If you are not the named recipient, please notify the sender immediately and do not disclose the contents to another person, use it for any purpose, or store or copy the information in any medium.	Please would you send me your fax number.
resend it to me?	I can t locate the electronic version of Costs that David prepared.	I can t locate the electronic version of Costs that David prepared.	Can you resend it to me?
Can you forward me exact address of conference site so I can	Hi Dierdre,. I got your name from Christie Patrick as a contact for the Columbia Women in Business Conference.. Sally Beck will be attending in place of Christie Patrick.	Sally Beck will be attending in place of Christie Patrick.	Can you forward me exact address of conference site so I can include on Sally s itinerary.
fuel gas, can you approve of these for our sulfur methods?			Roger, if EPA has approved other alternate methods for determining sulfur in fuel gas, can you approve of these for our sulfur methods?
Could you please extend the deal for one day  deal 589188  ?	Daren - the valve for meter 1031 was not shut off in time on 3/1.. It flowed about 1.200.	It flowed about 1.200.	Could you please extend the deal for one day deal 589188 ?
Can you please, help him with this?	Paulo,	Paulo,	Can you please, help him with this?
Please give me your home tel.  s, pagers, and cell phone  s for my address			Please give me your home tel.
Send me a note when you get back and we can set up a meeting then.			Send me a note when you get back and we can set up a meeting then.
Cogentrix s HR representative, would you please contact Glenn Wright	Kathy,. I am the ENA attorney assisting Ozzie Pagan ENA East Origination and Glenn Wright Enron Industrial Markets with the acquisition of two Cogentrix s coal fired power plants located in North Carolina.. I understand from Kathy Neal that you are the appropriate person to be involved in the employee/labor due diligence efforts that were initiated by Dolores Dee Lenfest and then transferred to Kathy Neal.	I understand from Kathy Neal that you are the appropriate person to be involved in the employee/labor due diligence efforts that were initiated by Dolores Dee Lenfest and then transferred to Kathy Neal.	If I am mistaken in believing that you are currently conducting such due diligence with Cogentrix s HR representative, would you please contact Glenn Wright immediately at 3-1568.
Make sure you see the notes at the bottom.	Here is a spreadsheet put together by settlements.	Here is a spreadsheet put together by settlements.	Make sure you see the notes at the bottom.
Please calendar.			Please calendar.
Please direct all concerns about this email or your inclusion on this list to our email address listed above.	http://r1.adversend.com/?u 311 l 5 id PHONE . Sincerely, Your New Offers Staff. This email was sent to you by HotWebCash, a marketing partner of First PREMIER Bank, not from the Bank itself.	This email was sent to you by HotWebCash, a marketing partner of First PREMIER Bank, not from the Bank itself.	Please direct all concerns about this email or your inclusion on this list to our email address listed above.
Please, give him a call to set up a meeting.	Krishna,. I have received two additional requests for help from EES.. 1.. Jeremy Blachman called and asked us to increase very significantly the level of our support of EES.. It probably makes sense to set up a meeting with Jeremy ASAP and discuss specifics you, me, and it probably makes sense to invite Marty Sunde as well .. 2.. George Posey called and asked fro help with statistical sampling of Dublin customers.	George Posey called and asked fro help with statistical sampling of Dublin customers.	Please, give him a call to set up a meeting.
Please fax the letter to:	Khairuddin,. Thanks for your message.. The fax has been sent.. Vince. Dear Mr. Kaminski,. Pertaining to our visit to your kind company in February, we are required to obtain Visas for the trip.. To apply for the Visas, the Embassy requires a letter from the US Company confirming our meeting or visit.. We would really be grateful if you can fax us a confirmation letter so that we can proceed with our Visa application.	We would really be grateful if you can fax us a confirmation letter so that we can proceed with our Visa application.	Please fax the letter to:
Please call to discuss 607/762-7688.	Where does this stand?. Have you received the guaranty from Clem?. Susan, My Attorney and I have review the ISDA Schedule and CSA.. I am faxing it in liew of time with margin notes.	I am faxing it in liew of time with margin notes.	Please call to discuss 607/ PHONE .
Please amend on this email below and 20	Mark,. Listed below are the goals i initially submitted for your group for 2001.. 20 Please take a moment and review, change and add details to make it more 20 clear.. These worked for step 1 but i now need more detail - e.g.. describe 20 your long term transactions again.	describe 20 your long term transactions again.	Please amend on this email below and 20 return asap.
you please also copy them on your comments due to the short time period we	Sara and Janice:. Are these all of the comments of Enron on the Transfer and Assumption Agreement.. I understand that Allegheny thinks the LOC will be issued momentarily.. best regards,. Kate. Katarina B. Polozie McDermott, Will Emery kpolozie mwe.com PHONE . cc:. The Schedule III, No.. 2 agreement dated December 28, 1999 is irrelevant and confusing to list for this assignment.. Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas 770 PHONE phone PHONE fax sara.shackleton enron.com. kpolozie mwe.. Janice and Sara:. Attached are Allegheny s comments.	Attached are Allegheny s comments.	Lauren: In case you did not already copy Janice and Sara, in the future could you please also copy them on your comments due to the short time period we are working with.
Could you please follow up?			Could you please follow up?
Please remove her from all	Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.	Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.	Please remove her from all 20 your mail lists.
Please ask Bruce to give you several dates within next week that would	Hello Toni:. The Research Group would like to bring Bruce R. James in for an exploratory interview sometime next week June 26 - 30 .. The individuals who would be interviewing him are:. Vince Kaminski Managing Director Stinson Gibner Vice President Grant Masson Vice President Vasant Shanbhogue Vice President P. V. Krishnarao Director Zimin Lu Director Tanya Tamarchenko Manager	Vince Kaminski Managing Director Stinson Gibner Vice President Grant Masson Vice President Vasant Shanbhogue Vice President P. V. Krishnarao Director Zimin Lu Director Tanya Tamarchenko Manager	Please ask Bruce to give you several dates within next week that would accommodate him and we can coordinate his dates with Vince s schedule and the schedules of the rest of the group.
please give me a call at x30596.	Here is the breakdown of 1999 PCB decontamination costs for TW:. Topock mods 4,675,000 PG E sample taps 90,000 PG E filter separator 600,000 Remove PG E filter separator 10,000	Topock mods 4,675,000 PG E sample taps 90,000 PG E filter separator 600,000 Remove PG E filter separator 10,000	If you need the costs broken down in more detail, or need more information, please give me a call at x30596.
Please take a look at this and draft a memo that	Brent, I would like this to become formal policy within EGM as well.. I know that it exists and is around but no one is familiar with this or exactly how it works.. We have made strides with credibility with RAC regarding coal and we are doing a better job of seeing deals in general but I would like to put out a policy like this for us.	We have made strides with credibility with RAC regarding coal and we are doing a better job of seeing deals in general but I would like to put out a policy like this for us.	Please take a look at this and draft a memo that can be sent out addressing the approval procedures and the guidelines and limits around them.
Please respond to  seabron.adamson frontier-economics.com	FYI	FYI	Seabron Adamson seabron.adamson frontiereconomics.com on 05/21/2001 09:19:19 AM Please respond to seabron.adamson frontier-economics.com To: Richard.Shapiro enron.com cc:
Please plan to attend a meeting to discuss Logistics Unify Issues and			Please plan to attend a meeting to discuss Logistics Unify Issues and Priorities on a Bi-Monthly basis...
Please change that if you can.	Stinson. The model looks great except when I changed an input and hit go it blew up.. Maybe I m doing something wrong.. One thing that I would like changed is that I want to make the swap product and product that settles against the 2nd last day.. So the role should happen on the second last day not the last day.	So the role should happen on the second last day not the last day.	Please change that if you can.
Please email us or	MF September 4th 2001.pdf. Good Tuesday Morning - Comments From The Local Guys!. Last week, the markets got so oversold, that the ARMS Index a technical market measure that, broadly speaking, indicates how oversold the market is , closed above 2.00 on two consecutive days for the first time since Oct. 16 and 19, 1987!!. It is, apparently, one of the rarest occurrences in the world of technical analysis.. As we said, it has been 14 years since the the markets generated such a reading.. The NYSE is currently rallying however, tech is still struggling.. Lets hope today s strength translates broadly across all sectors.. The 30 -year bond yield is 5.49 .. The 10-year is trading at 4.98 .. The 5-year is trading at 4.55 .. Spot crude oil is trading at 26.94 p/b.. Natural Gas - Henry Hub - is trading at 2.37 p/mcf.. AD Time:. New Federal Insider-Trading Rule Rule 10b5-1 has been adopted by the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.. This rule greatly enhances an insider s/employee s ability to trade his/her corporate shares during blackout periods.. Previously, without the protection of this new SEC rule, employees and insiders could safely trade only outside of designated blackout windows.. Under this new rule, insiders/employees may have the ability to purchase and sell their corporate shares even during blackout periods if a written plan was established and in force when the insider/employee was not in possession of material, non-public information.. The new rule contains other restrictions and should be reviewed carefully.. Lehman Brothers has established a turn-key plan that take into account the regulatory procedures for establishing such a plan.	Lehman Brothers has established a turn-key plan that take into account the regulatory procedures for establishing such a plan.	Please email us or call us for more information.
Can you please arrange EnronOnline guest user IDs for the following people			Can you please arrange EnronOnline guest user IDs for the following people these are lawyers at Milbank, Tweed, Hadley McCloy helping on EnronOnline issues :
Please call the folks we talked about this afternoon so that we can respond back to Chip.	Chris,	Chris,	Please call the folks we talked about this afternoon so that we can respond back to Chip.
Can you confirm the fuel mixes, etc. for me?			Richard:
can you send the ackerman email around?			can you send the ackerman email around?
right, and let me take a shot at making comments and suggestions.	Vince:. Thanks for breakfast last Friday.. I have been reflecting on a couple of your thoughts and very much want to take the steps forward you suggested.	I have been reflecting on a couple of your thoughts and very much want to take the steps forward you suggested.	Let me take a shot at articulating what we said to make sure I have it right, and let me take a shot at making comments and suggestions.
Please send the CNG stuff to			Please send the CNG stuff to
Please come to the Health Center  EB307	Dear Sir/Madam:. Your flu vaccine has arrived.	Your flu vaccine has arrived.	Please come to the Health Center EB307 between the hours of 8:00 a.m. - 3:30 p.m. on Wednesday, December 6th or at your earliest convenience this week.
Please look at your information and make any corrections necessary and	Hello everyone:. Attached is a draft of the new wallet cards for the Research Group.	Attached is a draft of the new wallet cards for the Research Group.	Please look at your information and make any corrections necessary and return to me.
Please call me at your convenience to discuss.	Hi John,. I left you a voice mail, but thought I d try email as well.. The language that they added to paragraph 6 raises some issues since they want to restrict ENA and its affiliates from future potential transactions.	The language that they added to paragraph 6 raises some issues since they want to restrict ENA and its affiliates from future potential transactions.	Please call me at your convenience to discuss.
Please introduce yourself and make him feel at home on his frequent	Please join me in welcoming Angela Cadena and Mike Danielson to Enron North America.. Angela has joined West Origination as a senior specialist.. She comes to us from Toronto, Canada, where she did work in merchant banking for OMERS, a large pension fund, as well as investment banking and project finance for TD Securities.. She is most proud of her latest project - a 15-month-old baby girl named Maxim.. Mike has been with Enron for more than two years in East Origination and Enron Online.. He will be based in San Francisco as a Director for West Origination.. Mike hails from Florida and comes to us most recently from Houston.	Mike hails from Florida and comes to us most recently from Houston.	Please introduce yourself and make him feel at home on his frequent Portland visits.
Could one of you verify the info below and send her the missing info?	Hi Rex Kevin--. In order to send out the BEA NDA, Tana Jones needs the info asterisked below.	In order to send out the BEA NDA, Tana Jones needs the info asterisked below.	Could one of you verify the info below and send her the missing info?
Can you, please, arrange a phone interview:	Shirley,	Shirley,	Can you, please, arrange a phone interview:
the East Power group, I would like you to take a look and let me know how	Guys, I appreciate the quality work and deal flow that you are generating.. In an effort to measure and reward performance from our middle market groups we have attempted to come up with several standardized reports to be issued monthly and to be reviewed at the QBR.. I am a strong believer in that what is measured and rewarded gets done.. As well, the middle market capability is crucial to the continued growth of our business; therefore, reporting metrics which define high performance will ensure great deal makers get rewarded and that you will be able to attract high quality talent into the mid market groups.	As well, the middle market capability is crucial to the continued growth of our business; therefore, reporting metrics which define high performance will ensure great deal makers get rewarded and that you will be able to attract high quality talent into the mid market groups.	Baughman and Presto have created a number of reports and metrics for the East Power group, I would like you to take a look and let me know how they should be changed to reflect the business in the West.
Please select one of the following schedules:	We in TW- Planning would like to schedule a meeting with you to discuss !. : the current CAS operations 2 : ways to improve the efficiency/ speed of the system.	: the current CAS operations 2 : ways to improve the efficiency/ speed of the system.	Please select one of the following schedules:
Please double check this format of the confirmation, remove the  draft	Mark,	Mark,	Please double check this format of the confirmation, remove the draft statement and make fully executable and initial for me before you go home tonight.
Can you please see if you can get me out of this?			Can you please see if you can get me out of this?
To reserve a seat, please call Stephanie E. Taylor at	eSource presents Lexis-Nexis training Attend one of our Topical Lexis-Nexis Clinics:. Advanced This session will cover advanced searching tips.. It will also cover using Smart Indexing to narrow your search results.. Find out how to customize your desktop for easier searching.. Industry Research Learn tips for finding industry information on Lexis-Nexis.. Find statistics and other topics like market share, industry trends, and industry forecasts.. Explore industry information beyond the news.. Seats fill up fast!	Seats fill up fast!	To reserve a seat, please call Stephanie E. Taylor at 5-7928 The cost is 25.00 Per Person No Shows will be charged 50.00 Please bring your Lexis-Nexis login ID and password.
Please call Mark	At the request of Bob Shults, I am enclosing our proposed form of Broker Electronic Transaction Agreement and Fee Agreement.	At the request of Bob Shults, I am enclosing our proposed form of Broker Electronic Transaction Agreement and Fee Agreement.	Please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at PHONE or Bob at PHONE if you have any questions or comments.
Pls coordinate with Kerry Stroup.	Sarah --	Sarah --	Pls coordinate with Kerry Stroup.
If you could, please send me Joseph s Social Security  number, so	Hector,. Monday, Nov 27, Joseph Taylor will be starting in my group - Risk Management, Financial Books.. Dutch Quigley was spearheading the effort with H.R.. to bring Joseph to Enron.. Dutch has moved on to a new group and is currently on vacation.	Dutch has moved on to a new group and is currently on vacation.	If you could, please send me Joseph s Social Security number, so that we can get him set up with phones, computers, etc.
Allocation  Allocation - please allocate the rest of the 21.7  to ENA	I need your help.... I did a quick comparison for the 2000 and 2001 budget and I am showing a significant increase from last year.. Did we have an increase in headcount?. I do not know your actual budget for 2000.. I used the information for the last 5 months of 2000 budget to estimate for the year see 2000 Budget tab in the attached file .. The attached file contains the following tabs:	The attached file contains the following tabs:	Budget vs Budget Comparison of 2000 vs 2001 Allocation Allocation - please allocate the rest of the 21.7 to ENA 2000 Budget Estimated 2000 budget based on the last 5 months information Research 2001 budget
Please narrow the steering committee list down to around 30.	Hi Steve,. For some awful reason, this did not make it to you on Friday afternoon when I sent it.. Hopefully it finds you this time!. I received your agenda changes, but I would appreciate you looking over the steering committee when you have a chance.. Thanks for your time, MSA. Delivery Failure Report Your document: GENIE Documents was not delivered to: Steve Kean because: Error transferring to MAILMAN.ENRON.COM; SMTP Protocol Returned a Permanent Error 550 5.1.1 Steve.Kean enron.com .... User unknown. What should you do?. You can resend the undeliverable document to the recipients listed above by choosing the Resend button or the Resend command on the Actions menu.. Once you have resent the document you may delete this Delivery Failure Report.. If resending the document is not successful you will receive a new failure report.. Unless you receive other Delivery Failure Reports, the document was successfully delivered to all other recipients.. NAHOU-LNMAI16/Enron, NAHOU-LNMAI16/Enron. Hi Steve,. I have attached the steering committee and agenda for review.. Mark has made significant changes to both documents, so your input would be appreciated.	Mark has made significant changes to both documents, so your input would be appreciated.	Please narrow the steering committee list down to around 30.
would you please send me those deal numbers.	Hi Darrin,. Rita has asked me to provide her with all the deal numbers associated for the Cornhusker Tenaska IV Texas Partners Deal.	Rita has asked me to provide her with all the deal numbers associated for the Cornhusker Tenaska IV Texas Partners Deal.	When you get a chance, would you please send me those deal numbers.
Jeff, Just a reminder to please add me to your distribution list   which I			Jeff, Just a reminder to please add me to your distribution list which I know is already very long for all updates on California.
Please print this e-mail message or record confirmation number to pick up	Darron,. Thank you for using Alamo.com to make your car rental reservation.. Your Confirmation Number is: PHONE . You will need this number to pick up your car, make any changes to, or cancel your reservation.	You will need this number to pick up your car, make any changes to, or cancel your reservation.	Please print this e-mail message or record confirmation number to pick up your rental.
PLEASE REBOOK THE FOLLOWING...			PLEASE REBOOK THE FOLLOWING...
Please calendar.			Please calendar.
Can you take care of	Sorry bubbie, it s been a freas show here.. No time to talk, but I will attend to the invoices immediately.. Hi Jeff: ?. Hope you re doing great, everything is pointing towards your company making more money than the rest of the Dow combined this year!!!!. ?. We have two open invoices for you, which I ve attached for your convenience.?. We also have a lot of bills to pay.?	We also have a lot of bills to pay.?	Can you take care of these please??
interested, please respond to the following questions by Monday afternoon,	Respond to Debra Davidson by April 30. Trading, Origination, Asset Services, and Community Affairs have purchased a box suite 17 seats at PGE Park.. This entitles these groups the opportunity to have a total of 17 people attend each home Beavers and Timbers game.. The Enron PGE Park Committee comprised of some employees from the groups above is working together to ensure equitable distribution of tickets so that everyone on the floor will have an opportunity to attend games.	The Enron PGE Park Committee comprised of some employees from the groups above is working together to ensure equitable distribution of tickets so that everyone on the floor will have an opportunity to attend games.	In order to allocate tickets in the most beneficial way to those who are interested, please respond to the following questions by Monday afternoon, April 30.
please contact Market Summary and Forecast support at: lpc masterdata.com	01.8.2002. This is a courtesy note, sent to remind you that your Market Summary and Forecast account will expire in 3 days.. Contact Market Summary and Forecast at lpc masterdata.com, or visit our website at http://www.marketsummaryandforecast.com to renew your account.. Your Market Summary and Forecast User ID is: sneal Your Market Summary and Forecast password is: gogo12	Your Market Summary and Forecast User ID is: sneal Your Market Summary and Forecast password is: gogo12	please contact Market Summary and Forecast support at: lpc masterdata.com if you have any questions.
Can you find out	Jeff,. I received the rent roll.. I am going to be in San Marcos this weekend but I am booked with stage coach.. I will drive by Friday evening.. I will let you know next week if I need to see the inside.	I will let you know next week if I need to see the inside.	Can you find out when Chelsea Villa last changed hands and for what price?
For some reason I can not open this file - could you please send me	Hi!	Hi!	For some reason I can not open this file - could you please send me a hard copy to PHONE fax.
work to stand in the Enron lobby  or send my secretary to do it for me .			Oh wait, I can t go to the ball game because I couldn t take a day off from work to stand in the Enron lobby or send my secretary to do it for me .
Please plan on attending our next Credit/Legal seminar.			Please plan on attending our next Credit/Legal seminar.
please forward to Vicky Sharp.			please forward to Vicky Sharp.
Please check on those marked below			Please check on those marked below
Can you cancel that please?	I have a membership to the Body Shop downstairs.	I have a membership to the Body Shop downstairs.	Can you cancel that please?
Could you please send Scot Chambers the project costs on USEC.			Could you please send Scot Chambers the project costs on USEC.
Would you please do the	TWanda, we need an amendment to this agreement.	TWanda, we need an amendment to this agreement.	Would you please do the form?
Would you all please respond asap with the dates that you ll	Eric Gillaspie PHONE Enron Building 3886. Hey kids:. Greetings from Wuxi.. The wedding preparations continue as planned.. Just got back from another planning mission to Qingdao last weekend.. We put deposits down on hotel rooms, restaurant and finalized the plans with the local Christian church.. We were lucky to obtain the services of a very courteous, English speaking pastor named Mr. Dong.. Mr. Dong will translate the ceremony into our native tongue for all big noses present.. I m writing to you now to get your hotel reservations for your stay in Qingdao.. We ve put down a 2000 yuan deposit, but we must now secure exact lodging dates.	We ve put down a 2000 yuan deposit, but we must now secure exact lodging dates.	Would you all please respond asap with the dates that you ll be staying in Qingdao?
Barb, please add to our filing	I forgot to add that this is an LFT.. Alas- a negotiated Rate Filing with a few days notice!!!. !. TK has done it again Negotiated Rate deal with Sempra December 1 thru December 31 Rate 1.00 10,000/day Receipt Point ?. to be provided Delivery Point PG E Topock. I will prepare the filing for November 30th.	I will prepare the filing for November 30th.	Barb, please add to our filing log.
PLEASE REACTIVATE ZACH MCCARROLL FOR NETWORK ACCESS IMMEDIATELY.			PLEASE REACTIVATE ZACH MCCARROLL FOR NETWORK ACCESS IMMEDIATELY.
Send me you FAX number or call me at Enron Wind Corp. 661-823-6433.	Vince. This correspondence is sent to you in response to the below question 20 pertaining to the type of research that should be introduced to Enron .. On Tuesday , April 4th, 2000, a local newspaper in my area , The Bakersfie ld 20 California ran an article pertaining to the 50 million dollars of funding 20 from the U.S. congress set aside to study deep sea floor extraction of 20 methane hydrate.. This study will focus on methane hydrates as an energy 20 source and the technologies needed for safe, efficient development.. 20. According to this article, the ice-like deposits of frozen methane have an 20 energy potential equal to more than twice that of all other fossil fuels 20 combined.. I can fax you a copy of this newspaper article if you would like to read it .	I can fax you a copy of this newspaper article if you would like to read it .	20 Send me you FAX number or call me at Enron Wind Corp PHONE .
you please resend.	Simon, I was unable to open the attached document for Jeff Skilling.	Simon, I was unable to open the attached document for Jeff Skilling.	Could you please resend.
Please review and advise of any	Mary, sorry for not getting back to you soooner.. Of the three concepts, only i Market Opening condition is proving sellable, and then only on the basis the it is bilateral and for physical transactions.. The other 2 concepts: ii modified Market Disruption; or iii suspension of obligations if Enron is subject to judicial/regulatory/legislative action intended to address Project Stanley , are proving to be unworkable concepts.. I believe these latter 2 issues and Market Opening Risk for financials will be resolved commercially as something that will be lived with.. The traders/marketers have all three concepts however.. With repsect to the summary of deals that may be subject to Market Disruption as a result of changing legislation or Pool Rules, as we previously discussed, I am not sure where that work product was going, other than somebody I believe Lavo wanted the summary for information purposes i.e.. as the deals were already done, the risk is what it is .. If there is some other impetus for your report and I need to do something further, please let me know.. Many thanks for all of the hard and thoughtful work.. Peter.. Attached is a redraft of the three proposed points for inclusion in each of financial and physical power confirms.	Attached is a redraft of the three proposed points for inclusion in each of financial and physical power confirms.	Please review and advise of any further comments or thoughts.
Please print, sign, and return original to	Daren:. During the period of 9/1/99 to 9/30/99, the above meter has recorded flow on the following days with no deals attached:. Days Mmbtus. 9/1/99 0 9/2/99 29 9/3/99 4 9/4/99 4 9/5/99 4 9/6/99 40 9/7/99 27 9/8/99 0 9/9/99 30 9/10/99 69 9/11/99 71 9/12/99 79 9/13/99 68 9/14/99 73 9/15/99 97 9/16/99 99 9/17/99 93 9/18/99 96 9/19/99 89 9/20/99 57 9/21/99 108 9/22/99 123 9/23/99 111 9/24/99 95 9/25/99 102 9/26/99 80 9/27/99 78 9/28/99 113 9/29/99 194 9/30/99 131 2,164. Currently, these volumes are being booked under the HPL Strangers Gas Contract.. Logistics needs either a deal to record these volumes which have flowed into HPL s pipeline or Logistics needs approval to writeoff these volumes to Unaccounted for Gas.	Logistics needs either a deal to record these volumes which have flowed into HPL s pipeline or Logistics needs approval to writeoff these volumes to Unaccounted for Gas.	Please print, sign, and return original to Clem Cernosek .
Please amend the ISDA dated 6/12/97 between ENA and the counterparty by			Please amend the ISDA dated 6/12/97 between ENA and the counterparty by reducing TransAlta s collateral threshold from 15MM CAD to 10MM CAD .
Lets have a conf. call w/ you, me, and Mike Day on Mon.morning.			Lets have a conf.
Please notify us	This e-mail is confidential and may well also be legally privileged.. If you have received it in error, you are on notice of its status.	If you have received it in error, you are on notice of its status.	Please notify us immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message from your system.
please contact Rob, as he has created products for me using Australian cities	Hi Michael and Mark -. Please revisit the Hong Kong test product for CDD as shown below.. Please note that it is based on the Melbourne/Sydney format:. A US Weather Cooling Degree Day Financial Swap Transaction with Enron North America Corp., under which the Seller is obliged to pay the Payment Amount to the Buyer where the Floating Amount is above the Strike Amount, or where the Buyer is obliged to pay the Payment Amount to the Seller where the Floating Amount is below the Strike Amount.. The Strike Amount is the amount in Cooling Degree Days submitted in the price field by Counterparty via the website.. The Notional Amount is the product of the quantity submitted by Counterparty via the website and the Pay Unit.. The Payment Amount is the product of i the Notional Amount and ii the absolute value of the difference between the Floating Amount and the Strike Amount.. The Calculation Period is from and including the Effective Date of 01 Dec 2001 to and including the Termination Date of 31 Dec 2000.. The Calculation Period shall commence at 12:01am on the Effective Date and conclude at 12:00am on the Termination Date at the relevant Reference Weather Station or Fallback Reference Weather Station.. The Reference Weather Station is Hong Kong Observatory, WMO Station Number 45005.. The Fallback Reference Weather Station is King s Park, WMO Station Number 45004.. Reporting Service, Reporting Agency and Data Source all mean the Hong Kong Observatory 134A Nathan Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong or its successor organization.. The price is quoted in US Dollars per unit of volume, which will be the Contractual Currency.. CDD shall mean Cooling Degree Day.. The Reference Basis is 18 Degrees Celsius.. The Pay Unit is 50 USD.. The Maximum Payout Limit is 5000 USD, multiplied by the quantity submitted by the Counterparty via the website.. Kevin,. The following product descriptions for Hong Kong are incorrect.	The following product descriptions for Hong Kong are incorrect.	Could you please contact Rob, as he has created products for me using Australian cities as a template.
ilizes its own agreements, please provide us with a copy.	fyi. Original Message. Question1: 09In providing an answer to our questions regarding risk assessm ent or management, would you please provide an explanation to the following ?. We understand that EOL requires that a counter party, before accessing E OL to do business with Enron North America, must undergo a credit worthines s evaluation.. When a counter party executes or clicks on a price, EOL doe s an instant credit check before confirming the transaction.. However, Enron may not only buy from a counter party, it may sell.. What so rt of creditworthiness standards must Enron provide to a counter party util izing EOL to purchase from Enron?. Are there industry standard creditworthiness agreements regarding counter p arty credit risk that Enron uses?. If yes, may we have copies?	If yes, may we have copies?	If Enron ut ilizes its own agreements, please provide us with a copy.
please send the emails to our entire group.	All,	All,	When sending emails in regards to cuts or other things that occur in RT, please send the emails to our entire group.
Please review and offer	Mark - Trading would like to commence transacting Last day Nymex vs.. Physical delivery.. So far each request is for an established Location.. Attached please find an example of one such transaction.	Attached please find an example of one such transaction.	Please review and offer aproval/comments.
Please direct comments regarding the content of our Brief and	Attached please find the most recent edition of Evolution Markets executive briefing on key issues impacting the energy and environmental markets.. In this edition:. Early Crediting for JI Projects Is a Useful Policy Instrument - Analysis by John Palmisano, Managing Director of Evolution Markets LLC - click on below link to access the briefing. http://www.evomarkets.com/assets/evobriefs/nw PHONE .pdf We send these briefings by e-mail every few weeks or more frequently if fresh breaking news merits a special edition.. Our goal is to offer the timeliest and most insightful analysis on news developments that directly impact the markets we serve.. We would greatly appreciate your feedback on how to improve this publication and on suggested future topics.. We will also invite prominent industry figures to contribute to surveys and interviews on relevant topics and look forward to your participation.	We will also invite prominent industry figures to contribute to surveys and interviews on relevant topics and look forward to your participation.	Please direct comments regarding the content of our Brief and suggestions for future issues to my attention.
Please  send your  OK  to Janette for a lap top.			Please send your OK to Janette for a lap top.
Please check meter  1591 Lamay gas lift.			Aimee, Please check meter 1591 Lamay gas lift.
Please follow the above URL to view and listen to this CERA conference call	Title: Raising the Pressure Ratio for Turbine Makers--Implications of the Supply Tsunami URL s :. http://www20.cera.com/eprofile?u 35 m 2778;. In a November 8, 2001, CERA Conference Call and Web Presentation, Steve Taub and Chris Seiple discussed. What do the supply and demand fundamentals look like for the 60 hertz turbine market and where are turbine prices headed?. What strategic actions are developers likely to take to deal with overcommitments for turbines?. Is there a market for some of the turbine orders outside of North America?. What impacts might turbine markets have on electricity markets?	What impacts might turbine markets have on electricity markets?	Please follow the above URL to view and listen to this CERA conference call playback.
Resolution Center, 713-853-1411 and ask them to check your XMS logon ID for	VISIT OUR INFORMATION WEB SITE AT http://xmsap.enron.com, to enter a contest to win two tickets on Continental Airlines compliments of. TRAVEL AGENCY IN THE PARK. Simply logon to the site, find the names of the five icons on the xmsap web page, make a list, and send it via e-mail to Andy Zabriskie, Accounts Payable Manager.. The Travel Agency in the Park on-site representative will draw a name from those submitting correct answers.. The contest ends Friday, November 10th.. The drawing will take place Wednesday, November 15th--just in time to make those reservations for a holiday ski trip!. TIP: We were able to load 80 of the domestic employees based on their HR profile information.. Logon ID : Your eHRonline logon alternatively, your first initial and last name .. Password: ENRON case-sensitive--be certain to change your password the first time you long on .	Password: ENRON case-sensitive--be certain to change your password the first time you long on .	If you forgot your P number for your HR eWorkplace log on, call the Resolution Center, PHONE and ask them to check your XMS logon ID for you, PHONE .
You can call him to see if you should also send to a lawyer, probably Gary			Susan: Please send to Peter Bar he s the trader at Merrill: pbarna exchange.ml.com You can call him to see if you should also send to a lawyer, probably Gary Rosenblum.
Please err on the side of retention of documents.	On Wednesday, October 31, I sent an email to all Enron employees worldwide in order to ensure that Enron employees retained documents that might be relevant to ongoing litigation.. New lawsuits have been filed that enlarge the scope of the information that Enron will need to retain.. The following list includes both the topics in the earlier email and the topics related to the new lawsuits.. Effective immediately, please do the following:. 1.. If you have any voice mails that relate in any way to the LJM Deal or Chewco Investments L.P. including any accounting issues related to these transactions, please forward the voice mails to x3-6800.. 2.. If you have any voice mails that relate in any way to the proposed Dynegy merger or the Enron Corp. Savings Plan, including any accounting issues related to these transactions, please forward the voice mails to x3-6802.. 3.. If you have any voice mails that relate in any way to Enron s public statements regarding EBS, Azurix, New Power Co., or any voice mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters, including accounting issues related to these matters, please forward the voice mails to x3-6801.. 4.. If you have any voice mails that relate in any way to Enron s public statements regarding the proposed merger with Dynegy or the Enron Corp. Savings Plan or any voice mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters, including accounting issues related to these matters, please forward the voice mails to x3-6802.. 5.. If you have any e-mails that relate in any way to the LJM Deal, Chewco Investments L.P., including any accounting issues related to these transactions, please forward the e-mails to LJM.litigation enron.com.. 6.. If you have any e-mails that relate in any way to the proposed Dynegy merger, including any accounting issues related to these transactions, please forward the e-mails to dynegy.merger enron.com.. 7.. If you have any e-mails that relate in any way to the Enron Corp. Savings Plan, including any accounting issues related to these transactions, please forward the e-mails to enron.savingsplan enron.com.. 8.. If you have any e-mails that relate in any way to Enron s public statements regarding EBS, Azurix, New Power Co. or any e-mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters, including accounting issues related to these matters, please forward the e-mails to classaction.litigation enron.com.. 9.. If you have any e-mails that relate in any way to Enron s public statements regarding the proposed Dynegy merger or any e-mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters, including accounting issues related to these matters, please forward the e-mails to dynegy.merger enron.com.. 10.. If you have any e-mails that relate in any way to Enron s public statements regarding the Enron Corp. Savings Plan or any e-mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters, including accounting issues related to these matters, please forward the e-mails to enron.savingsplan enron.com.. LJM Deal includes LJM Cayman L.P., LJM Co-Investment L.P., TNPC1, Margaux1, Cortez TNPC , Osprey1, Avici, Catalytica, Fishtail Pulp Paper , Backbone, ENA CLO Merlin , Nowa Sarzyna Poland , Bob West, MEGS, Yosemite, EECC Turbines Blue Dog , Raptor 1, Raptor 1a, Raptor 2, Raptor 2a, Raptor 3, Raptor 4, Rawhide, LJM2/WW Loan Agrmt, Osprey 2 LLC1, Rythms, Osprey, Cuiaba, and LJM Cayco Investments.. Also, please forward all future e-mails and voice mails that relate to the above-referenced subjects to the appropriate e-mail address or voice mail box.. These procedures will ensure that our electronic documents and voice mails are properly preserved.. Shortly, our lawyers will be collecting our traditional files, i.e., written documents, for possible production in litigation.. Until further notice, please retain all of your hard-copy files now in your possession or that come into your possession that in any way relate to:. 1.. The LJM Deal 2.. Azurix 3.. New Power Co. 4.. EBS 5.. Chewco Investments L.P. 6.. Accounting for any Enron investments 7.. Any Enron public statement made to the investment public 8.. Any Enron public filing with the SEC or other regulatory bodies 9.. The proposed merger with Dynegy 10.. The Enron Corp. Savings Plan.. It is not necessary to send documents related to your personal participation in the Plan such as Plan communications to you regarding the status of your account.	It is not necessary to send documents related to your personal participation in the Plan such as Plan communications to you regarding the status of your account.	Please err on the side of retention of documents.
please get together so that we will have the appropriate forward quantities			please get together so that we will have the appropriate forward quantities re: CES retail in the book.
John, please forward a copy to Barto.			John, please forward a copy to Barto.
Please get back with me via e:mail and let me know our	I can access the global compensation system from London.. Today I have been able to log on and to review as read only the info that I submitted on Friday for bonus and LTI.. I assume that I will be able to access the screens for merits as well.	I assume that I will be able to access the screens for merits as well.	Please get back with me via e:mail and let me know our instructions and time deadlines for merit increases.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Harry Grauman 3121 Radcliffe Road Thousand Oaks, CA 91360 hallgrau earthlink.net. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please review the attached clean and redline drafts.	Kay:. As you know, I just love to pile on.. I took what I think are the latest form docs and made some changes to incorporate additional commercial terms I want to go out with.	I took what I think are the latest form docs and made some changes to incorporate additional commercial terms I want to go out with.	Please review the attached clean and redline drafts.
Howard, Please forward this information to whomever need it in	Lee informed me today 7/12th that Global Octane has experience operational problems beginning last night and will be down until further notice.. Note: This outage is considered Force Majeure thus, whatever flows during this time period should be allocated to the term deal.. Lee was very specific toward this issue not being a buyback.	Lee was very specific toward this issue not being a buyback.	Howard, Please forward this information to whomever need it in Settlement....thanks.
Savings Plan or any voice mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters, including accounting issues related to these matters, please forward the voice mails to  x3-6803.	CORRECTION per the bolded text below.. On Wednesday, October 31, I sent an email to all Enron employees worldwide in order to ensure that Enron employees retained documents that might be relevant to ongoing litigation.. New lawsuits have been filed that enlarge the scope of the information that Enron will need to retain.. The following list includes both the topics in the earlier email and the topics related to the new lawsuits.. Effective immediately, please do the following:. 1.. If you have any voice mails that relate in any way to the LJM Deal or Chewco Investments L.P. including any accounting issues related to these transactions, please forward the voice mails to x3-6800.. 2.. If you have any voice mails that relate in any way to the proposed Dynegy merger or the Enron Corp. Savings Plan, including any accounting issues related to these transactions, please forward the voice mails to x3-6803.. 3.. If you have any voice mails that relate in any way to Enron s public statements regarding EBS, Azurix, New Power Co., or any voice mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters, including accounting issues related to these matters, please forward the voice mails to x3-6801.. 4.	4.	If you have any voice mails that relate in any way to Enron s public statements regarding the proposed merger with Dynegy or the Enron Corp. Savings Plan or any voice mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters, including accounting issues related to these matters, please forward the voice mails to x3-6803.
Please order the existence and good standing certificates from Texas and			Susan: Please order the existence and good standing certificates from Texas and Delaware that we will need as back-up for Mark s opinion.
rain please print color copies for the group			rain please print color copies for the group
Please review the attached draft of the draft Enfolio Master Firm			Russell, Please review the attached draft of the draft Enfolio Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement which has been drafted based on Exxon s comments as necessary changes before they will allow the Mobil plant to schedule gas under the terms of the October 1, 1995 Agreement.
would you give me one?	that s fine.. the only thing is that i have to be somewhere at 6:30 - right here in the neighborhood.. do you think you could leave a little early?. i need a hug.	i need a hug.	would you give me one?
Also, please look at para 5 c .	Bill,. Here are the changes to the OBA.. Please review.	Please review.	Also, please look at para 5 c .
Please respond to Rogelio L?			Rogelio L?pez Velarde rlopezv lvha.com.mx 05/30/2000 07:20 PM Please respond to Rogelio L?
Please provide action step implementation detail along with completion date	Have you had an opportunity to meet with Mark Taylor on this?. If so, can you provide me with an update?. Thanks Peggy. Forwarded by Rob Milnthorp/CAL/ECT on 06/30/2000 07:38 AM. The target date specified in an open audit observation has been reached.. Click on the document link below to view the observation / action step s .	Click on the document link below to view the observation / action step s .	Please provide action step implementation detail along with completion date and submit return response to Donna Lowry.
please check again for me, I have inactivated FT-VNG-IDX			please check again for me, I have inactivated FT-VNG-IDX PL
Please contact Chris or myself with any questions.	Tana,. Can you let me know if ENA has an ISDA signed with PG E Energy Trading Power L.P.. I am looking at doing a financial swap against the Ontario IMO spot price with PG E and was wondering if it could be done under and existing ISDA between PG E and ENA with a C confirmation exactly like the proposed Southern transaction .	I am looking at doing a financial swap against the Ontario IMO spot price with PG E and was wondering if it could be done under and existing ISDA between PG E and ENA with a C confirmation exactly like the proposed Southern transaction .	Please contact Chris or myself with any questions.
Chris - Please provide some deals and volumes for these that are missing.	1.. The NYSEG gas was purchased for an nominated by CES Heidi Boyd .. Attached are the calculations I did and sent to Belden Blake for them to invoice ENA for.. This needs to be paid.. 2.. The NFGD Pa volumes were purchased for and nominated by CES Heidi Boyd .. In Feb BBC did not have volumes behind NFGD PA to give us, instead they bave us gas on NFG Supply 3,000 Dth .. Please pay.. 3.. The January Midwestern invoice submitted by BBC should be paid.. ENA did not nominate the gas fro part of January, however we still owe for it.. Please pay. John. John and Chris - Please see the following spreadsheet sheet Per Sitara-Unify WRP updated for Belden Blake invoices for January through April production.. Addidtional payments were sent out on 6/28 and are listed.. I also ran a deal listing from Sitara for Belden Blake and CES - Belden Blake and found no other deals other than those listed.. Note that there are no deals for several if the NYSEG and NFGD PA for January, February and March noted by ND-no deal .. I have no other documentation to verify and pay these invoices.. Everything out there on Unify has been paid.	Everything out there on Unify has been paid.	Chris - Please provide some deals and volumes for these that are missing.
Please approve and autoschedule Deals   515111,515110.	Kate,	Kate,	Please approve and autoschedule Deals 515111,515110.
Can you provide this to Sara please			Cindy Can you provide this to Sara please Thx Mahesh
Can you follow up with him	Zimin,. This is the course description I got from Hal.	This is the course description I got from Hal.	Can you follow up with him to schedule a date for a high level presentation?
Sam:  Could you please call these guys this morning and offer to fax the name			Sam: Could you please call these guys this morning and offer to fax the name change doc?
Please review and figure out how Eco will satisfy itself that all Seller obligations are being met.	Larry,. How do we evaluate the seaworthiness of the vessel?. Less seaworthy vessels have an increased chance of accidents and problems with regulations and agencies.. Also, how do we evaluate the competency of the captain and crew?. What about insurance coverages?. All of the above are covered in the LNG Sales Contract.	All of the above are covered in the LNG Sales Contract.	Please review and figure out how Eco will satisfy itself that all Seller obligations are being met.
please fax them  my fax no. is  44 20 7783 4539 .			-bcc: X-Folder: Tanya Jones Dec2000 Notes Folders Notes inbox X-Origin: JONES-T X-FileName: tjones.nsf
Please call me after you have reviewed this.	Pete,	Pete,	Please call me after you have reviewed this.
Please prepare the ISDA draft for a master swap contract between ENA and The	Tana,	Tana,	Please prepare the ISDA draft for a master swap contract between ENA and The Boeing Company per the terms in the attached credit worksheet.
Please approve my authorization request for control over daily and monthly			Please approve my authorization request for control over daily and monthly basis products on enrononline.
Please advise me  how you want this activity allocated.	Attached is support that indicate gas flowed on a Zero nomination during the month of March, 2000.. There is no deal in place to allocate this gas flow.	There is no deal in place to allocate this gas flow.	Please advise me how you want this activity allocated.
Please bring your Lexis-Nexis login ID and password.	eSource presents free Lexis-Nexis training Attend one of our Lexis-Nexis Basic Clinics: Mar.. Seats fill up fast!. To reserve one, please call Stephanie E. Taylor at 5-7928.. NOTE: There will be a 50.00 charge if you reserve a seat and do not show up for the class.	NOTE: There will be a 50.00 charge if you reserve a seat and do not show up for the class.	Please bring your Lexis-Nexis login ID and password.
please advise me on the need to send out a communication reiterating what the	It is really not the record retention policy that drives this decision, it is the open subpoena from the CPUC and the fact that we have been sued.. Gary Fergus is going to draft a memo for your signature.. we are about to move a bunch of desks up here.. as people move their desks, they will surely be going through old files and reports.. i want to make sure that we are in compliance with data and file retention policies.	i want to make sure that we are in compliance with data and file retention policies.	could you please advise me on the need to send out a communication reiterating what the hard copy retention policy is?
please, call me at 3-3848  from the reception to be admitted into the	Frank,. We are located at 1400 Smith.. Any cab driver can identify the Enron building.	Any cab driver can identify the Enron building.	When you arrive, please, call me at 3-3848 from the reception to be admitted into the building.
To send us your feedback, change your e-mail address, ask	Schwab Signature Services e.Bulletin - September 2000. 1.. Dreaming of an Overseas Retirement 2.. Internet Scams 3.. Is Trading Stocks Just Like Gambling 4.. Election 2000 - An Investor s Guide 5.. Financial Services: The Urge of the Merge 6.. Come Walk the Boards 7.. After Hours Trading Becomes Extended Hours Trading 8.. Decimalization: What is It 9.. Price Alerts: Faster Than Ever 10.. Just Say Trade : Expanded Speech Recognition on Schwab by Phone TM 11.. Attend a Schwab Workshop - Learn How to Take Control of Your Portfolio 12.. A Smart Way to Invest in Technology 13.. CEO Speakers Series 14.. Argus Roundtable. Welcome to the September Edition of the Schwab Signature Services e.Bulletin.	Welcome to the September Edition of the Schwab Signature Services e.Bulletin.	To send us your feedback, change your e-mail address, ask account questions, or to unsubscribe, go to the bottom of this e-mail.
Please donate this	Sarah Berger 216 Jefferson St. 2 Hoboken, NJ 07030 sarah.berger nyu.edu. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please try to arrange your schedules to attend,	FYI. A meeting concerning the above subject is schedule for 2pm with Stan Horton on Thursday, December 14th.	A meeting concerning the above subject is schedule for 2pm with Stan Horton on Thursday, December 14th.	Please try to arrange your schedules to attend, as Stan s schedule is not flexible.
Please ring Draper at AEP			Please ring Draper at AEP
Can you help me on this one?			Can you help me on this one?
To schedule an appointment or speak with a counselor, please call the onsite office at 713-853-6057 or the 24-hour number at 1-800-345-1391.	Enron employees may find the current circumstances stressful.. We want to remind you that Enron s Employee Assistance Program EAP is still available and currently offering services to assist you and your family.. Group Discussions Beginning this week, Enron s EAP provider, Innovative Resources Group, will be facilitating group discussions for employees who are interested in attending.. These sessions are designed to address the challenges employees may be facing and to suggest ways to minimize the impact of stress on employees and their families.. These sessions will be held on Wednesday, January 30 and Thursday, January 31 at the following times in EB32C2: 9:00 am -- 10:00 am 11:00 am -- 12:00 pm 1:30 pm -- 2:30 pm 3:30 pm -- 4:30 pm. No advance registration is necessary -- simply come to EB32C2 at the scheduled day and time that is most convenient for you.. Onsite Confidential Counseling / 24 Hour Hotline EAP Counselors are available for individual, confidential appointments onsite in the Enron Building or at a variety of neighborhood locations.. Counselors are also available via telephone 24 hours a day, seven days a week for Enron employees in all locations.. The EAP counseling service is provided at no cost to employees and their family members.	The EAP counseling service is provided at no cost to employees and their family members.	To schedule an appointment or speak with a counselor, please call the onsite office at PHONE or the 24-hour number at PHONE .
please reserve a seat for me.			please reserve a seat for me.
Please plan to attend the above mentioned meeting:			Please plan to attend the above mentioned meeting:
please contact John Harrison, ext. 3-7811 for revisions.			ADDITIONAL INTERVIEWER PARTICIPATION IS REQUESTED FOR OCTOBER 28 NOVEMBER 4.
If that  is not possible,  please send me an email stating that such a certification  will be signed in the next day or two.	John, I still have not received written confirmation that the gas being supplied to the Trust is 100 West Virginia Production.. You have assured me verbally that such is the case.. However, I am sure that you understand that it is not the least bit unreasonable to have such a certification in writing.. I need such a written certification ASAP since Mountaineer/Allegheny needs proof in order to provide the WV transportation rate.. Please fax me such a certification today if at all possible.	Please fax me such a certification today if at all possible.	If that is not possible, please send me an email stating that such a certification will be signed in the next day or two.
Call me to discuss.	Susan --. Can you please work with ENA Accounting and others to determine the following to provide to EPSA so they can calculate our Dues --. 1.. Total megawatts of your company s equity ownership as of June 1, 2001 in competitive generation assets operating and under construction in the United States including PURPA plants - probably good to start with Wes Coldwell .. 2.. Total megawatthours of market-priced wholesale and retail sales for the 12 months ending March 31, 2001 probably just get Linda Lawrence to sum up our monthly sales I would have a separate total for wholesale financials and use someone from Evan Hughes shop for physical retail sales .	Total megawatthours of market-priced wholesale and retail sales for the 12 months ending March 31, 2001 probably just get Linda Lawrence to sum up our monthly sales I would have a separate total for wholesale financials and use someone from Evan Hughes shop for physical retail sales .	Call me to discuss.
Please, ask Shirley to determine	Alex,. I agree.. Let them make up the data.	Let them make up the data.	Please, ask Shirley to determine convenient date and time.
Could you please send	I know what I originally gave you changed, but I need to know the MDQ for each COH Market Area for our TCO SST, so I can put into GMS.	I know what I originally gave you changed, but I need to know the MDQ for each COH Market Area for our TCO SST, so I can put into GMS.	Could you please send me an update?
ahead, please take a moment now to fill out the profile questions below and	As you probably know by now, Enron recently entered into a new relationship with CORESTAFF s Managed Services Group to manage and administer its temporary staffing program.. This new arrangement is designed to improve service and quality as well as increase efficiency in meeting Enron s temporary employment needs.. There are many benefits, including a web-based application which will provide Enron s temporary staffing users with online ordering, approval and reporting.. More details on this system will be coming soon.	More details on this system will be coming soon.	In order to help the Managed Services Group serve you better in the days ahead, please take a moment now to fill out the profile questions below and forward your reply to Joseph Marsh at Joseph Marsh/NA/Enron.
Please, take a look at the attached newsletter.	Sevil,	Sevil,	Please, take a look at the attached newsletter.
Can you please provide me with your feedback/status.	John/John/Frank. As we are approaching the November 1st Trading Track interview dates, we need to finalize the reminder of the external candidate s initial screen.	As we are approaching the November 1st Trading Track interview dates, we need to finalize the reminder of the external candidate s initial screen.	Can you please provide me with your feedback/status.
Please email me a final copy	Opps.. I still don t have a copy of the final LOI!. Please send to me at your convenience.. Thanks!. Great trip back.. I spent yesterday in Clarksdale Mississippi.. Don t make a point of spending your vacation there!. Can you email me Glenn s info so I can send him the hard copy?. I enjoyed our time together, and look forward to more adventures.. Kay. Kay - I hope travel back to iah was uneventful.	Kay - I hope travel back to iah was uneventful.	Please email me a final copy of the LOI that was eventualy signed by NJR.
Please review and give me your comments.	Paul,. Attached is the most recent versions of the above-referenced agreements which incorporates the changes you negotiated with our Credit Department.. There was one additional change to the Master Agreement to Section 4.2 ix .. I have also attached the letter agreement which cancels the physical gas deals for April.	I have also attached the letter agreement which cancels the physical gas deals for April.	Please review and give me your comments.
Can you send your address?	Joe, I am probably really missing something on this, but I can t determine when the big OECD Forum is.. Rosie. The OECD people are quite excited about the prospect of Ken Lay speaking at their big Forum.. Would his calandar permit it?. Doug. De : Joe Hillings enron.com SMTP:Joe Hillings enron.com Date?. : jeudi 27 janvier 2000 11:30 A : WORTH Objet : RE: Energy Service Coalition ESC Information Doug: Many thanks.. I ll see you next Thursday.	I ll see you next Thursday.	Can you send your address?
Please put on my calendar.			Please put on my calendar.
Please call me at 713 557 3330			Please call me at PHONE
Please proceed as outlined.	Kathleen,	Kathleen,	Please proceed as outlined.
Can you help us	Gary: Mark Taylor and I are getting a bunch of these EOL notices but can t seem to get into them to see what they are when we click on them.	Gary: Mark Taylor and I are getting a bunch of these EOL notices but can t seem to get into them to see what they are when we click on them.	Can you help us out?
CAn you please call him  exploratory interview .	Zimin,	Zimin,	CAn you please call him exploratory interview .
Please sign and forward the original to Kent	Ken, Attached is the letter.	Ken, Attached is the letter.	Please sign and forward the original to Kent Harris via Fedex.
Please include me on this trip.			Please include me on this trip.
Please review the following discrepancy and let me know what the price should			Please review the following discrepancy and let me know what the price should be.
Could you please	Hi Grant,. Hope all is well with you.. I trust you got my message via the voicemail that Ileft with Vince late Friday afternoon about my inability to travel - I m trying to rearrange my trip for a couple of week s time when my ear has cleared up, and I look forward to meeting with you one day.. I wrote to Vince last week asking for a favour, but I m not sure ifhe is there in Houston.. I know that you guys are probably very busy but I was wondering if you can write a few sentences for me.. I m sending out some sample chapters to the people who responded positively all of them!. to my request for some feedback on the book.. Chapter 1 has an overview of the book with just a couple of sentences on each chapter.	Chapter 1 has an overview of the book with just a couple of sentences on each chapter.	Could you please write a sentence or two for your chapter?
Please give me a call in regard to the demand letters.			Please give me a call in regard to the demand letters.
Please call me when you are back in the office.	Jason: I would like to meet with you on January 8, 9 or 10 to bring Cheryl Nelson and me up to date on the remaining files so that Cheryl can take these back.	Jason: I would like to meet with you on January 8, 9 or 10 to bring Cheryl Nelson and me up to date on the remaining files so that Cheryl can take these back.	Please call me when you are back in the office.
Please respond to Scott.Goodell enron.com	Small stuff is staggerd Choice Capacity from LDC, no problem.. 10,000 and 8,000 packages appear to be winter supplies for C I.. As long as ENA buys monthly capacity for C I market that extra Choice capacity can t cover, we should be OK.	As long as ENA buys monthly capacity for C I market that extra Choice capacity can t cover, we should be OK.	Scott.Goodell enron.com on 03/15/2000 12:37:50 AM Please respond to Scott.Goodell enron.com
I don t know if you are hiring for internships, if not, could you please forward this on to the person hiring for those positions.	Jeff, Sorry for all the resumes lately, but everyone wants to get their foot in the door at Enron.. This resume is from my wife s cousin, who is looking to get a summer internship at Enron.. She is a very sharp young lady with a great work ethic.	She is a very sharp young lady with a great work ethic.	I don t know if you are hiring for internships, if not, could you please forward this on to the person hiring for those positions.
Please try to arrange your schedules to attend,	Morris and Elaine are responsible for this area of the ETS world and as such should be there and hopefully will know what this is about.. I have seen nothing on this proposal and probably will not be available, as I have a PRC on that date, out of the office.. Rod,. Are you attending this meeting with Morris and Elaine or just yourself?. Thanks,. Kim 68301. Rod Hayslett. FYI. A meeting concerning the above subject is schedule for 2pm with Stan Horton on Thursday, December 14th.	A meeting concerning the above subject is schedule for 2pm with Stan Horton on Thursday, December 14th.	Please try to arrange your schedules to attend, as Stan s schedule is not flexible.
Please send them the ISDA then	We are not ready to execute an agreement with them until we have had some discussions with them about their authority.	We are not ready to execute an agreement with them until we have had some discussions with them about their authority.	Please send them the ISDA then have them call Mary Cook to discuss the agreement.
Please call me with any questions.	We are short 100 mws in SP-15 for tomorrow, 05/02 on peak.. We are short at 212.	We are short at 212.	Please call me with any questions.
Please plan on attending.	Joe,. FYI.	FYI.	Please plan on attending.
Please review the form as soon as possible as I would like to get this on the five day rollforward list in the morning.	Attached is a cash use approval request for the cash distributon for 4th quarter to the investing partner of ECS, LLC.	Attached is a cash use approval request for the cash distributon for 4th quarter to the investing partner of ECS, LLC.	Please review the form as soon as possible as I would like to get this on the five day rollforward list in the morning.
Can you help me	Did you have any doubt that the best logistics school is Wharton?. I think they call it transportation sciences, no really .. I ll call up there this morn and get back with you..... I spoke with Geoff Pollock Stacey Rosen s cousin who is the logistics mgr at Frigidaire.. He s helping me identify candidates for the transportation group.. He said that the best Logistics school is Wharton.	He said that the best Logistics school is Wharton.	Can you help me get into their placement office.
if you could look into this request below ASAP....that would be helpful.			Hi Judy, if you could look into this request below ASAP....that would be helpful.
Please call me with any questions.	Louise, Lisa Bills asked me to send you a list of the equipment currently in E-Next Generation LLC, with the amounts paid to date and future payment obligations.	Louise, Lisa Bills asked me to send you a list of the equipment currently in E-Next Generation LLC, with the amounts paid to date and future payment obligations.	Please call me with any questions.
Please forward the types of documentation you have	Shirley,. It will take a lot of effort to compile this list.. Please, remind me about it.. Vince. In an effort to identify intellectual capital for Enron s Knowledge Management effort, we are establishing an inventory of documents e.g.. papers published, speeches, magazine/journal subscriptions, professional associations, etc.. .	.	Please forward the types of documentation you have which may be inventoried for other Enron employees use.
Please change your  Capacity Types  so that they are unique.	Don,. FYI. Dear MAPP Transmission Providers and Customers,. On Wednesday, May 16th at 11:30pm CDT the MAPP OASIS NODE will be taken off-line for approximately 1 hour for database maintenance.. At the same time the latest version of OASIS software will be installed , v2.7.0d.. How does this effect MAPP Transmission Providers:. The new version of OASIS software allows for specific redirect service types.. Two new option fields have been added to the service types, Allow on Redirect and Account on Reduction .. These two fields can be changed by selecting Transmission Services under Provider Maintenance, and then click on the ID to update the transmission service.. The Allow on Redirect option determines whether the service type appears in the drop down box on the REDIRECT transmission request template.. The Account On Reduction determines whether REDIRECT request types appear in the Query for Reductions .. All services types will default to No for the two new fields for existing transmission services.. Requirements: Before the upgrade 1.. All Capacity Type entries must be unique for each transmission provider.	All Capacity Type entries must be unique for each transmission provider.	Please change your Capacity Types so that they are unique.
Please direct bill our cost center for all of the expenses incurred for your services.	Sam, We will be moving to our new office space on Monday December 3rd.. We will need you to help move our computers and install our new network equipment.	We will need you to help move our computers and install our new network equipment.	Please direct bill our cost center for all of the expenses incurred for your services.
Please start using the ENA DPR 0102 file rather than the EWS DPR 2002 file to send to Chris.			As seen below, Please start using the ENA DPR 0102 file rather than the EWS DPR 2002 file to send to Chris.
Give me a call and we will discuss	Please see my attached comments.	Please see my attached comments.	Give me a call and we will discuss further.
Could you also please supply a full reference for	Dear Vince and Grant,. Please find attached our butchering of your work only joking... .. We ve tied the chapter in with what has gone before and changed some of your notation so that it is consistent with ours.. Vince; could you please send thru the footnotes referred to in the chapter at your convenience.	Vince; could you please send thru the footnotes referred to in the chapter at your convenience.	Could you also please supply a full reference for Routledge, Seppi, Spatt 1999 .
Please review and comment so	Hollis -. Per our last phone call, I made the changes in red to the Clipper Availability to suite what I believe is a good definition for us incorporates Mark s comments which I added .	Per our last phone call, I made the changes in red to the Clipper Availability to suite what I believe is a good definition for us incorporates Mark s comments which I added .	Please review and comment so I can send this file on to Mark Eilers.
Please pass this	Hey boys,. It looks like we got tickets to the Astros baseball games.. If you guys are interested, let me know and I will reserve it for you.	If you guys are interested, let me know and I will reserve it for you.	Please pass this along to Frank for me.
plz call re: contact w/pg e 415.782.7822			plz call re: contact w/pg e PHONE
Please take 5 minutes to fill out the first of three	ClickAtHome Pilot Three Members!. We hope your experience with the Clickathome ordering website and vendors has been exciting and fun for you!. We need your feedback to determine next steps of the program.	We need your feedback to determine next steps of the program.	Please take 5 minutes to fill out the first of three surveys.
Please contact me or Brad	Dear Dr. Lay,. We are looking forward to your participation at the upcoming Markets in Transition symposium at Rice University on January 10, 2002.. Invitations to the event were sent approximately two weeks ago.. The invitations listed the agenda and speakers.. We have completed incorporating the biography and photograph that you provided into the program brochure.. During the event, we have allocated 20 minutes, beginning at 1:40PM, for your remarks on Markets in Transition.. We expect your remarks to be broad in scope and to provide your views on how the economic and market factors of recession, technology evolution, and heightened security are impacting the business landscape.. Our hope is that your remarks will be generic in nature -- Markets in Transition is a concept that applies to virtually all industries.. We understand that you will make no reference to Enron.. Furthermore, there will be no question and answer session after your presentation.. We will take measures to ensure that the press has no access to you before or after your remarks.. Please return the speaker logistics form requested separately at your earliest convenience.. We look forward to your participation.	We look forward to your participation.	Please contact me or Brad Burke, Associate Director of the Rice Alliance PHONE , if you wish additional information.
look at the rest of the East info and send it/take it to the appropriate	Currently, for the East Thane takes the summaries of Northeast orders/filings and sends them to the traders/originators/reg folks, etc.	Currently, for the East Thane takes the summaries of Northeast orders/filings and sends them to the traders/originators/reg folks, etc.	I look at the rest of the East info and send it/take it to the appropriate trader/originator/developer/reg person EPMI and EES .
Please update and send back.	Here is the latest investor list.	Here is the latest investor list.	Please update and send back.
Could you fax me your comments?	Hi Sara,. Gareth and I were going over the documents this morning and was wondering if you have any comments on the revised Swaps the three currency swaps and the two option swaps .	Gareth and I were going over the documents this morning and was wondering if you have any comments on the revised Swaps the three currency swaps and the two option swaps .	Could you fax me your comments?
comfortable disclosing but please err on the side of giving whatever	I will be on the first panel of the FERC California conference on Thursday.. The format allows a 5 min presentation and then 60 min of Q A. I need your help to make sure I have Gore-like command of the details.. Please help with the following information: Enron project information Parquet/McCubbin -- please give me any presentations or summaries you have on the generation, or firm purchases, we have under way or planned .	Please help with the following information: Enron project information Parquet/McCubbin -- please give me any presentations or summaries you have on the generation, or firm purchases, we have under way or planned .	I ll talk with you to find out what we are comfortable disclosing but please err on the side of giving whatever information you have.
Please give me some dates and times of your availability during the rest	Several of the Enron Corp. Research Team would like for you to come in for an interview.. They are:. Vince Kaminski Managing Director Stinson Gibner Vice President Maureen Raymond-Castaneda Director	Vince Kaminski Managing Director Stinson Gibner Vice President Maureen Raymond-Castaneda Director	Please give me some dates and times of your availability during the rest of January and I will try to coordinate them with our schedule.
Please use your	Dear phillip,. This e-mail is automated notification of the availability of your current Natural Gas Intelligence Newsletter s .	This e-mail is automated notification of the availability of your current Natural Gas Intelligence Newsletter s .	Please use your username of pallen and your password to access
If you could please, just make sure that they come to my attention so that	Yes it does.. It includes any original guarantees we may be giving or receiving.. Tana:. Does this include original Enron Corp. guarantees?. On the physical side, we have the counterparty sign the Enron Corp. document and therefore have an original.. Let me know.. Thanks,. Jeff. Per the email below, please note that if you haven t been sending your original guarantees to Credit, it appears this should be done so in the future.. Please forward this email on to other members of your group that might be responsible for filing original guarantees.. Tana,. I have talked with everyone involved, Anthony Campos, Mark Thorne, etc., and everyone is in agreement that original guarantees should now come to credit.	I have talked with everyone involved, Anthony Campos, Mark Thorne, etc., and everyone is in agreement that original guarantees should now come to credit.	If you could please, just make sure that they come to my attention so that they can be briefed and entered into our Credit Agg System.
Please advice so we can act accordingly.	Louise, I know last thursday and friday we had difficulty buying options from customers.. Since Friday, I have a customer Tamsa , that wants to sell back to ENA, some South Texas Index options, for an amount close to 4.8 Million in premiums.. When do you think we can get back to normal trading ?	When do you think we can get back to normal trading ?	Please advice so we can act accordingly.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Sean Hanney Algeria sean witheveryidlehour.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please encourage the	Vince:. Please send an email to: iBuyit enron.com stating that you are approver of invoices as requested in the email below.. We cannot purchase anything until you do.. iBuyit Payables Approvers We need your help to identify future iBuyit Approvers.	iBuyit Payables Approvers We need your help to identify future iBuyit Approvers.	Please encourage the people that approve your invoices to identify themselves as future iBuyit users by sending an email with their name, e-mail address, and whether they code or approve invoices to mailto:iBuyit enron.com .
Please take a look	Steve, Attached is a list of the Hub Deals we have currently in the system.. I tried to reconcile them to the sheet you sent me but could not.	I tried to reconcile them to the sheet you sent me but could not.	Please take a look at these and give me a call.
Can you check it out.	Carla Hoffman put a deal under an inactivated CP.	Carla Hoffman put a deal under an inactivated CP.	Can you check it out.
Please draft an amendment for my review.	Luanne: Our credit person is fine with revising the MAC language to say taht a MAC would be triggered if either 1 an entity s Credit Support Provider s rating from S P is below BBB- by S P or Baa3 by Moody s or 2 if such Credit Support Provider fails to be rated by both S P and Moody s. Also, in Sections 4.5 and 4.6 of the ISDA Schedule we would like to change the reference to Goldman Group to The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.. I will have Tana Jones draft an amendment and send it to you.. Call me if there are any problems with the above.	Call me if there are any problems with the above.	Tana, Please draft an amendment for my review.
Regarding 61NY and Brent analysis could you, please, use 18 forward months	Jin and Winston, I reviewed the factors resulting from joint estimation on 61NY and Brent in stage.. I see that now we have flexibility to specify the groups of commodities for joint factor loading analysis.. We also can specify the number of forward prices we would like to use in this analysis.. This is great, thank you.	This is great, thank you.	Regarding 61NY and Brent analysis could you, please, use 18 forward months prices?
Please review and we can	Brad, further to our conversation of yesterday morning, please find attached Enron s payout table and alternative payout table regarding the permanent assignment of PGT capacity.. The onus will be on Enron to deliver long dated capacity to Calpine and we will begin working on this immediately.. Below is a summary of some of the key next steps.	Below is a summary of some of the key next steps.	Please review and we can discuss on Monday the numbers and final steps as required.
Please call me when you ve had reviewed these items so we can determine how quickly we can move forward.	Michele, Per our telecon, the timeline to roll out the VR for Metals North America has been escalated to THURSDAY, October 18th which only leaves us tomorrow to try and tie up loose ends.. Attached NA Metals Analysis spreadsheet will give you all the demographics of our population, include, ethnicity, gender, age, etc.. please note the standard tabe includes everyone on Enron standard at-will employment letters.. The second tab agreement has all our people on exec agreements.. The BU Briefing to Staff will give you a good general overview of the program that was rolled out in EEL, I ve red-lined the document to tweak it to the US side.. The employee info packet will include Enron Metals Change Program document, VR Application and FAQS.. Again I ve red-lined these EEL originated documents to fit the US side.. There are still some oustanding items I need to confirm with Comp Ben.. My immediate questions are:. Will our current severance policy allow us to provide an enhanced voluntary program?. We want to offer it to all employees.. Can we do this and still reserve the right to reject applications?. If we do reject applications under the Voluntary Program will we be prevented from terminating the employee under the compulsory program?. Do we need to make any special consideration for employees on maternity leave I have three!!. .	.	Please call me when you ve had reviewed these items so we can determine how quickly we can move forward.
Seating will be limited, so please reserve your seat as soon as possible via	Join Enron Federal Credit Union and The Foundation for Financial Literacy, for our 3rd in a series of 5 Financial Wellness Workshops:. Protection Against the Unforeseen: Insurance Personal, Employer and Government Benefits Thursday, August 17 11:30 a.m. - 12:30 p.m. Doubletree - Allen Center LaSalle B Room Cookies and soft drinks will be served.. Upcoming workshops include: Wednesday, September 27 Topic: Rating Them by Risk Versus Reward: Investment Tuesday, October 24 Topic: Living too Long, Dying too Soon, Disability or Impairment: Estate Plans	Upcoming workshops include: Wednesday, September 27 Topic: Rating Them by Risk Versus Reward: Investment Tuesday, October 24 Topic: Living too Long, Dying too Soon, Disability or Impairment: Estate Plans	Seating will be limited, so please reserve your seat as soon as possible via Lotus Mail to Amanda Quiller.
Please send Mark Greenberg a hard copy of the DynegyDirect ETAs with	Tana:	Tana:	Please send Mark Greenberg a hard copy of the DynegyDirect ETAs with addendums that I negotiated for ENA and EPMI.
Please add them to Tagg.	Jeremy, I have added two curves in Publ Names: WY/WELLHEAD and WY/MKTZONE.. They are in curveview.	They are in curveview.	Please add them to Tagg.
Please take a few minutes to review our 2001 goals on Enron s intranet at	Our vision to become The World s Leading Company positions our company for great success this year and beyond.. Our success is dependent on execution.. With that in mind, we are making Enron s 2001 corporate and business unit goals available to employees.	With that in mind, we are making Enron s 2001 corporate and business unit goals available to employees.	Please take a few minutes to review our 2001 goals on Enron s intranet at http://172.28.92.190/bowne/ We believe they will help you gain a better understanding of our vision for the company and will inspire you to identify innovative ways to help your organization and Enron achieve our objectives.
Please print the attachment.			Please print the attachment.
Please ensure that he receives this material for his meeting tomorrow.	Thanks a million, Carolyn!. !. Attached is a general Eastern Ercot outlook presentation, state of the gas storage as well as a weekly coal report for Mr. Lay.	Attached is a general Eastern Ercot outlook presentation, state of the gas storage as well as a weekly coal report for Mr. Lay.	Please ensure that he receives this material for his meeting tomorrow.
Please include your	Dear Sally,. Your subscription to Energy Power Risk Management will expire this month.. The subscription cost through December, 2001, will be:. Reg.. Subscription Cost With Corp. Discount Energy Power Risk Management 375.00 318.75. If you wish to renew this, we will be happy to take care of this for you.. We would appreciate your responding by December 18th.	We would appreciate your responding by December 18th.	Please include your Company and Cost Center numbers with your renewal.
Could you give me an idea of your agenda for next week s London visit - in	Ben,. I spoke with Anjam and gave him the information about my trip.. Here is the short summary:. 1.. If you are free for dinner on Sunday, I would be glad to meet with you as well as Anjam and Steve .. I would like to review what s going on in Houston and London.. 2.. We can arrange the interviews for all the candidates you lined up Monday afternoon Tuesday and Wednesday mornings are the alternative dates .. We treat the interviews as internal to the Research Group and we shall arrange full interview schedules at a later day for those candidates who pass our internal test.. 3.. Please, feel free to put on my agenda other meetings you think might be useful.. Please, coordinate the meetings with Anjam and Steve.. I am busy on Tuesday afternoon I a speak at a conference .. Vince. Vince,	Vince,	Could you give me an idea of your agenda for next week s London visit - in particular which day s would be best to bring some candidates in for interviews for my old role.
Please review the attached document.?			Please review the attached document.?
please also email such request to the NAESB office.	Dear Industry Participant,. The email message sent to you earlier this afternoon from the NAESB Office incorrectly noted that the NAESB Board of Directors was Friday, March 8 see below original message .. The meeting date is Thursday, March 7.. We apologize for any confusion this error may have caused.. Best regards, NAESB Office. File: Supplemental Board Material.pdf 88598 bytes DL Time TCP/IP : 1 minute. Dear Board Members and Attendees,. Attached please find supplemental materials for the meeting on March 8 in .pdf format, bookmarked.. The materials include an updated list of the letters of intent, the resolution and updated retail gas quadrant procedures and the resolution and updated retail electric quadrant procedures.. The ballot is contained in the board book under tab 8 for these two resolutions for Board members unable to attend the meeting.. The board book can be found on our web site http://www.naesb.org/bod.htm , and was also provided in paper form for the Board members.. If you need additional information or experience difficulty downloading the attached file, please call the NAESB office at PHONE .. Best Regards, NAESB Office. The NAESB organization follows a privacy policy, which does not permit distribution of contact information.. As such, all email addresses are denoted blind in correspondence.. Upon receipt of notice, the NAESB office will modify the distribution to no longer carry your address.	Upon receipt of notice, the NAESB office will modify the distribution to no longer carry your address.	If you would like to add other participants from your organization to this distribution list, please also email such request to the NAESB office.
Please add a new link under the the Power tab in the Plant Outages folder called WSCC Interactive  Portland .	Amanda,	Amanda,	Please add a new link under the the Power tab in the Plant Outages folder called WSCC Interactive Portland .
Hi, could you please look up the following confirmations and forward these			Hi, could you please look up the following confirmations and forward these asap to Stephanie.
Please have someone look at the CES purchase agreement to see how these	Raquel, Robert Tilotta has the original tax bill and he is in your office.. His number is PHONE .. Please call him at your convience.. Robert, can the tax agency provide us with support contract numbers, inventory balances... ?. Thanks. Forwarded by Chris Germany/HOU/ECT on 01/05/2001 08:34 AM. Chris; Send this bill to Raquel Magana at 600 Jefferson.. She will forward it onto Ronnie Shields in our Conn. office for payment.	She will forward it onto Ronnie Shields in our Conn. office for payment.	Ronnie; Please have someone look at the CES purchase agreement to see how these should be handled.
Please add the following information to page 8 under section 16.			Please add the following information to page 8 under section 16.
Can you and Rufino take care of sorting and handing out the mail daily?	Dana,. Yes, 4 tickets should be included in the card.	Yes, 4 tickets should be included in the card.	Can you and Rufino take care of sorting and handing out the mail daily?
Please clarify.	In the effort to understand this better is it fair to say that wholesale block prices between Friday afternoon and today have fallen on the offer side by 7.00 MWHr?. For example, these were the prices on Friday:. Jack in the Box PG E Offer 41.15; A/S 4.93; Block to Shape 1.25 Total 47.33.. The total price to Jack was 60.31 and includes the following additional charges 3.03 losses, 3.40 interzonal congestion; 1.75 uplifts; 1.80 ISO charges; 0.50 settlements and 2.50 contract/legal .. I don t believe ancillaries and shape have changed dramatically; therefore, it would suggest that wholesale markets have changed by the number indicated above.. Our information would suggest that SP 15 and NP 15 on-peak has not changed by this amount between Friday to today.. This leads to two results: a the generator price is closer to our original offer and b our original offer on Friday was out of market and EES paid too much for supply.. Each dollar on the California deals is approximately 2.0M in value recognized in the wholesale versus retail organizations.	Each dollar on the California deals is approximately 2.0M in value recognized in the wholesale versus retail organizations.	Please clarify.
Please, look into it.	Tanya,	Tanya,	Please, look into it.
Please get this to Tino.			Please get this to Tino.
Please take a look at deal 372088.			Please take a look at deal 372088.
Pls call Marshall Brown			Pls call Marshall Brown
Please all this woman and discuss her request re the GISB agreement.	Tana:. Stacy needs to talk with her to decide if it s appropriate to trade under the GISB.. If she agrees, we shouldn t need to amend the ETA -- the GISB will become an applicable master under the terms of the ETA and all nat gas transactions eligible for trading under the GISB would be confirmed under the GISB contract, to the extent the nat gas group sends confirms.. Give Denise a call back and let her know to expect a call from Stacy.. Stacy:	Stacy:	Please all this woman and discuss her request re the GISB agreement.
Please respond to eren network news			Please respond to eren network news EREN NETWORK NEWS -- August 22, 2001 A weekly newsletter from the U.S. Department of Energy s DOE Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy Network EREN .
FYI - Check my voice mail message that I left for you and call me when you			FYI - Check my voice mail message that I left for you and call me when you can.
PLEASE SEND THIS TO AS MANY CONCERNED AMERICANS AS YOU KNOW.	Emergency funds needed: https://secure.apk.net/gb/contribute.html. On Election Night, George W. Bush won the most votes in Florida.. Not surprisingly, Al Gore s campaign did not like the result.. They immediately dispatched lawyers to Florida and had a Washington lobbyist raise 3 million in one day to fund Gore s Florida operation.. Unfortunately, the Gore camp refuses to accept the Election Night count or the 2nd computer count or even, in some instances, a 3rd computer count.. Now they want a hand count, even though computer counts are more precise and objective.. On top of that, they have only asked for hand counts in counties that are overwhelmingly Democratic.. We have the high ground.. We re poised to win.. But we need your help to defend the integrity of the Florida election.. CLICK BELOW TO MAKE A SECURE ONLINE CONTRIBUTION TO THE BUSH CHENEY RECOUNT FUND NOW:. https://secure.apk.net/gb/contribute.html	https://secure.apk.net/gb/contribute.html	PLEASE SEND THIS TO AS MANY CONCERNED AMERICANS AS YOU KNOW.
please return to the address below:	Thank you for registering with our Personal Accounts Program.. Your temporary password is UFVRJCWF .	Your temporary password is UFVRJCWF .	To change your password or personal profile, please return to the address below:
Please call Mirant for the hours above to make sure everything is being	Our upstream is Sempra, our Downstream is Mirant, it is a llh schedule that was cut by 1 mw HE 4-6, 23-24.. Mirant is taking it to real time, and Snohomish who is generating agrees with this.	Mirant is taking it to real time, and Snohomish who is generating agrees with this.	Please call Mirant for the hours above to make sure everything is being handled.
received this message in error, please forward this message to	3 weeks ago we told you that by registering for the August 6th 01 Live!. From NYC 01 Cramer 01,s Fall Forecast Investing Strategy 018 conference, you will gain an invaluable set of tools and techniques that will show you how to build your own investment strategy fulfill your financial goals.. We also told you that by registering by today, you would receive an early bird discount of 100 off the registration price.. As an added bonus, by registering for the conference, you will have the chance to be in the radio studio while Jim Cramer is on the air with his new daily financial show, 01 Jim Cramer 01,s Real Money Talk 018.. Jim will pick 2 conference attendees names at random the evening of the conference to come with a guest and watch him conduct the show live from our studio at TheStreet.com New York City Headquarters.. The limited space at our intimate venue is filling up.. Be sure to register TODAY for this exclusive opportunity!. Again, the conference cocktail reception is Monday evening, August 6 in New York City at American Conference Centers, 780 3rd Avenue between 48th and 49th Streets.. If you do only one thing this summer to advance your professional standing or secure your personal fortune, be sure to attend this event!. Wednesday is your last day to take advantage of the early bird discount!. We look forward to seeing you there.. Click here to register http://www.thestreetevents.com/0803 or call TheStreet.com Customer Service Department at PHONE , Monday-Friday, 8am-6pm EST.. This email has been sent to you by TheStreet.com because you are a current or former subscriber either free-trial or paid to one of our web sites, www.thestreet.com or www.realmoney.com.	This email has been sent to you by TheStreet.com because you are a current or former subscriber either free-trial or paid to one of our web sites, www.thestreet.com or www.realmoney.com.	If you are not a current or former subscriber, and you believe you received this message in error, please forward this message to members realmoney.com, or call our customer service department at PHONE .
Please call me at 3-9720 with any	David,. Attached for your review please find a copy of the Information Services Agreement for Fieldston Publications.	Attached for your review please find a copy of the Information Services Agreement for Fieldston Publications.	Please call me at 3-9720 with any comments or questions.
Please set up a call w/ me and Gary Grote McConville s atty  for  early next			Please set up a call w/ me and Gary Grote McConville s atty for early next week
Please, send him a copy of the book and reprints.	Shirley,	Shirley,	Please, send him a copy of the book and reprints.
Per the request of Rita Wynne, Please plan to attend the following meeting:			Per the request of Rita Wynne, Please plan to attend the following meeting:
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Bern Shen bernshen earthlink.net. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
agree, could you follow up on this  I m having Martha email it to you .	As I understand the situation, Plains and Tri-State have indicated their intent to close the merger.. Tim s best intelligence is that a June 1 closing date is the best they can hope for and it may be late June or later.. Also, until the deal actually closes, there is always a small chance it could come undone.. If we get Gallup in service May 1, we have a 1 month or greater bust between our in service date and the date the cheap electric rate kicks in.. Has Courtney got this covered?. I suspect he s been thrashing around so much on locking in the swap that it hasn t been on his radar screen.. I think we should formally notify ECS that we expect them to negotiate a favorable interim power deal to cover the gap between our in service date and the merger closing.. the difference between the .038 and .067 rate was about 200,000/ month as I recall, so this is worth some real Also, we ought to remind Courtney that he is still obligated to find a better deal for us if the merger goes south for some reason.. I drafted a letter awhile back that could be updated for this purpose.	I drafted a letter awhile back that could be updated for this purpose.	Susan, assuming Steve and company agree, could you follow up on this I m having Martha email it to you .
Please call me with	Richard--we are so desperate for your expertise in the EBS hinterlands......... You will love me after this request......... Richard, we have several form contracts being developed and used in EBS that include arbitration provisions.. We thought it might be useful to get your thoughts on our current forms to make sure we are consistent with up to date arbitration provisions.. Attached are three of our forms for your review.. Please note that the Professional Services Agreement is a standard consulting agreement that we typically use with service providers.	Please note that the Professional Services Agreement is a standard consulting agreement that we typically use with service providers.	Please call me with any questions or comments.
You will need your order number, as shown above, and one of the following	Please do not respond to this email. This mail is generated by an automated service.. Replies to this mail are not read by customer service, technical support, or sales representatives.. If you need additional assistance with your order, please use one of the following email addresses:. For customer service requests: csd dell.com. For Home and Small Business Technical Support: http://support.dell.com For Corporate and Public Sector Technical Support: http://premiersupport.dell.com. For technical support for a Dell product: support dell.com. For sales assistance, please contact your sales representative directly.. Greetings from Dell Computer Corporation s OrderWatch Service!. Your order number PHONE has been successfully registered with OrderWatch.. We will monitor your order and send you a notification email when your order has shipped.. If you would like to check the progress of your order, you can use the following URL:. http://support.dell.com/us/en/ordstat	http://support.dell.com/us/en/ordstat	You will need your order number, as shown above, and one of the following items to use as the confirmation number:
Please review prior to responding to external questions.	Rick: Jim said that you were asking about this deal.. I m forwarding the information that I provided to you last week in hard copy , FYI.. Let me know if you have any questions.. Lisa. Attached is a list of anticipated questions you may receive regarding the announcement of the Huntco inventory managment transaction and the cold mill acquisition.	Attached is a list of anticipated questions you may receive regarding the announcement of the Huntco inventory managment transaction and the cold mill acquisition.	Please review prior to responding to external questions.
Please, feel free to give me a call when you have a few minutes.	Iris,	Iris,	Please, feel free to give me a call when you have a few minutes.
Please give me a call this afternoon and let me know if you ve had a chance	Do you have a total dollar amount that New Power paid for Oct production?. According to David Scott at New Power, they did not make any adjustments to the bill.. He said they may not have received all of the bill, there might have been some Michcon activity missing.. Hi Chris,	Hi Chris,	Please give me a call this afternoon and let me know if you ve had a chance to look over the deals for october that Mary Ellenberger emailed to you last week.
When you get back-up , please	Thank you for advising me of this issue.	Thank you for advising me of this issue.	When you get back-up , please forward to Patti Sullivan.
Please direct any responses to my paralegal, Tana Jones, via intercompany	I was considering opening an account to trade commodities on my own.. What 20 are the implications?. Thanks,. Yannis Tzamouranis. We are in the process of preparing applications for position limit exemptio ns 20 for ENA 01,s NYMEX energy commodities futures trading.. These applications 20 require that ENA represent whether its officers, employees, owners, or agen ts 20 have a power of attorney, control or have a financial interest in any other 20 related commodity future s account either individually or acting with 20 another person pursuant to express or implied agreement.	These applications 20 require that ENA represent whether its officers, employees, owners, or agen ts 20 have a power of attorney, control or have a financial interest in any other 20 related commodity future s account either individually or acting with 20 another person pursuant to express or implied agreement.	Please direct any responses to my paralegal, Tana Jones, via intercompany 20 email or call her at PHONE by the end of business Friday, June 30, 20 2000 if you have any power of attorney, control or have a financial interes t 20 in any commodity futures account other than an ENA or other trading 20 affiliate account .
Please see comments regading Thresholds and advise as soon as possible.			Please see comments regading Thresholds and advise as soon as possible.
changes proposed by Reliant, please confirm and I will have Tana finalize the	Tom -. Please take a quick look at the attached.	Please take a quick look at the attached.	If this is consistent with the changes proposed by Reliant, please confirm and I will have Tana finalize the document and forward it to you for your signature.
Will you please call Ty  whatever her name is ?			Will you please call Ty whatever her name is ?
intended recipient please inform us.	Please find attached a copy of a letter from Robin Saunders at WestLB which has been faxed through to your office earlier today.. Best regards,. Andrew Gardner.. See attached file: Enron-26-11-01.doc. Diese Nachricht ist vertraulich.. Sie ist ausschliesslich fuer den im Adressfeld ausgewiesenen Adressaten bestimmt.. Sollten Sie nicht der vorgesehene Empfaenger sein, so bitten wir um eine kurze Nachricht.. Jede unbefugte Weiterleitung oder Fertigung einer Kopie ist unzulaessig.. Da wir nicht die Echtheit oder Vollstaendigkeit der in dieser Nachricht enthaltenen Informationen garantieren koennen, schliessen wir die rechtliche Verbindlichkeit der vorstehenden Erklaerungen und Aeusserungen aus.. Wir verweisen in diesem Zusammenhang auch auf die fuer die Bank geltenden Regelungen ueber die Verbindlichkeit von Willenserklaerungen mit verpflichtendem Inhalt, die in den bankueblichen Unterschriftenverzeichnissen bekannt gemacht werden.. This message is confidential and may be privileged.. It is intended solely for the named addressee.	It is intended solely for the named addressee.	If you are not the intended recipient please inform us.
Also, can you please send me	The following are the Calgary book adminstrators:. Kathy Reeves Brian Gillis Brian Kristjansen Jeff Sears Nicole LaPorte Carlos Torres. Let me know if you need additional information.	Let me know if you need additional information.	Also, can you please send me a copy of the memo that is sent to them?
Please talk to me about the schedule.	Yes.	Yes.	Please talk to me about the schedule.
Please send all correspondence to:	Oasis Re-Design Prototype Release Announcement. This announcement is being issued to the Market Participants to provide an update to the OASIS Re-Design project.. Prototype v0.51 was released on Thursday, March 08, 2001.. The following changes were made to the site in this release:. XML Download query service has been modified to increase reliability.. Empty tags in XML files have been removed.. Meeting Minutes from XML Working Group Forum of 03/02/2001 have been added to OASIS Help.. OASIS Re-Design Project Schedule:. March 08, 2001 - Release of prototype v0.51 March 08, 2001 - May 03rd, 2001 - Development Period eight weeks May 03rd, 2001 - May 17th, 2001 - Market Simulation - two weeks May 17th, 2001 - May 31st, 2001 - Market Hold - two weeks May 31st, 2001 - Release to production.. We welcome comments and questions from all interested parties.	We welcome comments and questions from all interested parties.	Please send all correspondence to: xmlwg caiso.com
Please include EGM			Please include EGM
Please, remind me about it on Thursday  old age and the hectic pace here start	Steve,. I shall E-mail you my standard real option spin presentation plus a presentation on Enron for analysts .. You can use a few slides to introduce the company.. I would prefer not to disseminate the information about the use of AMC.. The industry does not know about it yet and I consider it a very powerful tool given its flexibility .. I have the files on my laptop.. I shall bring it to work to morrow and send it to you.	I shall bring it to work to morrow and send it to you.	Please, remind me about it on Thursday old age and the hectic pace here start showing up .
d like to receive this product early in the morning       please call Syncr	IMAGE 09. IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE Syncrasy, LLC?	IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE Syncrasy, LLC?	PHONE Off PHONE Fax 909 Texas Avenue Suite 1314 H ouston, TX 77002 www.syncrasy.com Sales: PHONE D evelopment Offices: PHONE Off PHONE Fax 835 Main Avenue Suite 221 Durango, CO 81301 09 09 IMAGE Complimentary version of Trader Summary from Syncrasy, LLC and APB Energy Inc. - If you woul d like to receive this product early in the morning please call Syncr asy at PHONE for more information or send an email to subscrib e TraderSummary syncrasy.com - If you would like to be added to this da ily email list please send an email to TraderSummaryemail syncrasy.co m - If you would like to be removed from this daily email please reply to this email with the words CANCEL or send an email to cancel trad ersummary syncrasy.com Data last updated: Friday, Nov 23, 2001 at 08: 30AM EST Congratulations Andy Weingarten, APB Energy!
Please call John Arnold and ask him where the traders are coming out on			Please call John Arnold and ask him where the traders are coming out on this.
Please, send this memo to the entire group and ask if this demo was given	Shirley,	Shirley,	Please, send this memo to the entire group and ask if this demo was given to anybody in our group.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Aniruddh Patel 7435 1/2 Cuvier St. La Jolla, CA 92037 apatel nsi.edu. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Michelle, would you, at your convenience, please update our departmental			Michelle, would you, at your convenience, please update our departmental contact list?
Can you forward a copy?	Seabron,. I have not seen it.	I have not seen it.	Can you forward a copy?
pls put on my calendar.			pls put on my calendar.
Please send Vickie a copy of our schedule w/ attys.			Please send Vickie a copy of our schedule w/ attys.
Please respond to  Novell NetWare Help   NWReplies bellevue.com			NW on Novell NetWare NovellNetWare bdcimail.com on 03/22/2000 04:05:59 AM Please respond to Novell NetWare Help NWReplies bellevue.com To: vkamins enron.com cc: 20 Subject: Databases galore
Please print, sign, and	Daren:. On 5/1/2000 recorded flow of 9 Mmbtus from HPL s pipeline.. Deal 222051 was at this meter during April 2000, but the deal expired on 4/30/2000.. Currently, this volume is being booked to the HPL Stranger Gas Contract.. Logistics needs either 1 Deal 222051, 2 New Deal, or 3 approval to write-off this volume to Unaccounted for Gas.	Logistics needs either 1 Deal 222051, 2 New Deal, or 3 approval to write-off this volume to Unaccounted for Gas.	Please print, sign, and return original to Clem Cernosek .
Please send me the title and abstract of your talk as soon as possible so	Vince,	Vince,	Please send me the title and abstract of your talk as soon as possible so that I could make the announcement soon.
Please review and comment on this list	Here is my proposed issue list.	Here is my proposed issue list.	Please review and comment on this list before you leave today.
Please contact Sherri Sera	Conf call: AT T lines have been reserved.	Conf call: AT T lines have been reserved.	Please contact Sherri Sera 713/ PHONE or Katherine Brown 713/ PHONE for the weekly dial-in number and passcode.
can you please get a good contact	Sorry for the slow reaction time - this is the contact information Greg Wolfe gave me, and he Sean Crandall confirmed that he was in the midst of putting a Conoco deal in the system .. As for why it was taken out of the GCP system, I have no idea.. If you know of anyone around here who would have called for that to be de-activated, let me know.. Otherwise, our traders still know Jack Wells as the contact.. Hope that helps.. Thanks, Kate. for some reason that contact was inactivated -if that s definitely the contact, i ll have gcp re-activate it.. that s strange, i wonder why it was inactivated.. just let me know.. The contact name is Jack Wells, and his phone number is PHONE .. Would you like me to enter this info into the deals?. Kate. hi kate, these sean crandall deals need contacts.	hi kate, these sean crandall deals need contacts.	can you please get a good contact name and phone and i will put in a gcp request to have it added to the drop down list in deal entry.
Please add Hong Kong to the list of locations requiring due diligence, ETA	Mark,	Mark,	Please add Hong Kong to the list of locations requiring due diligence, ETA and PA.
If you can, please update for these two items before next distribution	FYI.. This close date is of large significance to GPG as we are going to be asking management to wait an extra week for monthly info that ties out to the financials.. This variance from what we thought was a Common Design is a huge deal, in fact the agreed upon close timing was a major consideration in getting agreement within GPG to go forward as it was an improvement that we could see had value.. I agreed to and stacked hands with all on the Common Design , yet somehow there has been a failure to deliver the Common Design .. I just want to make sure that the two of you are aware of my position on this issue.. I think Steve was planning to add my comments on impact of prolonging GPG close to the risk document, but I did not see it in the document I edited yesterday.. To restate, it needs to be noted under org impact that GPG s close is going from 5 to 8 days which is unacceptable.. We have the impression that there is not sufficient desire/potential across the BUs to do what is necessary to get it down to the committed 3 days that we all agreed to at the ASE.. We view this as a showstopper and will hold the project and COE and our own team accountable for meeting that committment by the end of the year if not sooner.. It seems like we should already have a plan in place on how we are going to achieve that.. This was a design signoff exception too.. Also, info for risk document below.. My question below was taken from the risk doc and responded to for actions that have been taken..	My question below was taken from the risk doc and responded to for actions that have been taken..	If you can, please update for these two items before next distribution
Please, remind me about making arrangements for this trip later this week.	Shirley,	Shirley,	Please, remind me about making arrangements for this trip later this week.
Please respond to Chris.Germany enron.com	that is correct until monday morning.. tuesday may change.	tuesday may change.	Chris.Germany enron.com on 02/25/2000 11:53:14 AM Please respond to Chris.Germany enron.com
Please respond to  peichler pccflow.com			Peter Eichler peichler pccflow.com on 12/13/2000 06:00:29 PM Please respond to peichler pccflow.com To: Sarah-Joy.Hunter enron.com , peichler pccflow.com cc: ENRON John Will jwill enron.com , bgaddis precastcorp.com 20
Please contact me at your earliest convenience at 713-853-1586.	I am contacting you on the recommendation of Pug Winokur, who is on our Board of Directors.. Enron has formed an Advisory Council which consists of academicians, public policy thinkers and media, together with Enron executives.. I would like to invite you to address the group on E-Commerce issues at our next meeting Friday, September 8th in Houston .. Attached is a list of our Advisory Council members.. I think you will find this group interesting and thought provoking.	I think you will find this group interesting and thought provoking.	Please contact me at your earliest convenience at PHONE .
Please create a Sitara record for this production at your	I added 11/29-30 to deal 132030.. Give me a call if you have any questions.. D. Set out below is information regarding 660 MMBtu produced November 29 and 30 at meter 9813.	Set out below is information regarding 660 MMBtu produced November 29 and 30 at meter 9813.	Please create a Sitara record for this production at your earliest convenience.
Please dial 1-888-422-7109 and access code:  107825 to access the call.	Please mark your calendar for EGS floor meetings.. Employees on floors 11, 13, 39, 40, 42, and 43, please attend the floor meeting on Tuesday, February 5, from 2:30 - 3:30 near EB3922.. Employees on floors 33, 35, 44, 45, 46, and 47, please attend the floor meeting on Wednesday, February 6, from 9:30 - 10:30 near EB4712b.. A listen only domestic conference bridge has been reserved for the Tuesday, February 5, meeting.. Field employees, please contact your regional administration staff for dial-in numbers and instructions.. Omaha employees, please gather in 227 and dial PHONE and access code: 3131 to access the call.. Washington D.C. employees, please dial PHONE and access code: 3131 to access the call.. Please, no cell phones on the call.. A listen only international conference bridge has been reserved for the Wednesday, February 6, meeting.	A listen only international conference bridge has been reserved for the Wednesday, February 6, meeting.	Please dial PHONE and access code: 107825 to access the call.
As discussed please take a look at the agreement.			As discussed please take a look at the agreement.
call me on this			call me on this 3-9257
Please call at your earliest convenience so we	David and Paul:. As you are aware Sheila Tweed has been championing achieving a standardized turbine purchase agreement with GE for domestic applications.. Attached is the current draft of such document.. Please review the insurance provisions to see if there are any changes needed.. I believe the current drafting is what we have used in the past.. Given the technology issues of late do we need to make any changes.. This would be for 7FA and LM6000 applications which I believe the market views as proven technology so I assume we will not need to shift collateral damage to GE and expose GE to insurer subrogation.. Scott Dieball and I are in London- Enron House.. Today Tuesday our telephone number is PHONE .	Today Tuesday our telephone number is PHONE .	Please call at your earliest convenience so we can discuss conceptually.
Please rsvp to me.	Fred Lagrasta has asked me to invite you to play a round of golf with several others at Enron at Whispering Pines on Saturday, October 27th .. The tee time is set for 10 AM.	The tee time is set for 10 AM.	Please rsvp to me.
Please provide any	Please find attached our Weekly Report 15th December 2000 for your perusal and Information.. In an effort to make this useful to the wide distribution it covers, Mark Schroeder is soliciting feedback from the recipients regarding the level of detail, content, frequency, etc., of this report.	In an effort to make this useful to the wide distribution it covers, Mark Schroeder is soliciting feedback from the recipients regarding the level of detail, content, frequency, etc., of this report.	Please provide any comments directly to Mark.
the East Power group, I would like you to take a look and let me know how	Guys, I appreciate the quality work and deal flow that you are generating.. In an effort to measure and reward performance from our middle market groups we have attempted to come up with several standardized reports to be issued monthly and to be reviewed at the QBR.. I am a strong believer in that what is measured and rewarded gets done.. As well, the middle market capability is crucial to the continued growth of our business; therefore, reporting metrics which define high performance will ensure great deal makers get rewarded and that you will be able to attract high quality talent into the mid market groups.	As well, the middle market capability is crucial to the continued growth of our business; therefore, reporting metrics which define high performance will ensure great deal makers get rewarded and that you will be able to attract high quality talent into the mid market groups.	Baughman and Presto have created a number of reports and metrics for the East Power group, I would like you to take a look and let me know how they should be changed to reflect the business in the West.
Can you please check with Chris Mallory and see if these are good deals.	Hi Kate,. I have three deals so far that I did not verbal with prebon on yesterday and they sent over confirmations for them.	I have three deals so far that I did not verbal with prebon on yesterday and they sent over confirmations for them.	Can you please check with Chris Mallory and see if these are good deals.
Please notify us	Forwarded by Randall L Gay/HOU/ECT on 04/18/2000 12:17 PM. This e-mail is confidential and may well also be legally privileged.. If you have received it in error, you are on notice of its status.	If you have received it in error, you are on notice of its status.	Please notify us immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message from your system.
Please call John Keffer and re-schedule Thursday s lunch - two meeting have			Please call John Keffer and re-schedule Thursday s lunch - two meeting have come up.
Just give me a call.	Forwarded by Chris Germany/HOU/ECT on 08/08/2000 10:58 AM. Here s my cell phone number since I will be on the rafting trip this weekend PHONE .	PHONE .	Just give me a call.
Please provide the exact Bammel working gas volumes for ENA to the Texas Desk  David Baumbach  that should be moved to HPLC	Per Gas Accounting, before an invoice can be generated in Unify to move ENA s working gas balance to HPLC, Enron needs to execute a confirm and a deal ticket under the existing Master Purchase/Sale agreement between ENA and HPLC.. This will need to be done in order to consolidate the inventory within HPLC for the sale of the working gas to AEP at close.. Otherwise sales will need to be executed at close from both ENA and HPLC.. This won t be feasable since HPLC currently has a negative working gas balance of 18 BCF and ENA has a positive balance of 20 BCF.. ENA has not had any storage activity at Bammel over the last year i.e.. since the Texas Desk started doing business as HPLC however withdrawls by HPLC have taken place of gas originally injected by ENA.. All of this gas has been injected and withdrawn as Texas Desk gas but by two different legal entities.	All of this gas has been injected and withdrawn as Texas Desk gas but by two different legal entities.	Jim Pond Please provide the exact Bammel working gas volumes for ENA to the Texas Desk David Baumbach that should be moved to HPLC
receive this email, please send a note saying unsubscribe me to	This is the notice that the May 2001 release of NEWGen is available on the web site www.rdionline.com.. You are receiving this email because you have been given access to NEWGen through this web site.	You are receiving this email because you have been given access to NEWGen through this web site.	If you do not want to receive this email, please send a note saying unsubscribe me to newgen ftenergy.com.
Please contact Jessica at x31918 to reserve your seat.	Celebrate the Topping Out of Enron Center South on Monday, April 23rd in Antioch Park.. At 4pm, the last beam will be hoisted to the 40th floor of the new building.. The Building Guy will present a clear explanation of the Topping Out Tradition celebrated by construction crews everywhere.. In celebration of Arbor Day, tree saplings will be handed out to all participants.. The last beam can be viewed this week in The Plaza near Starbucks.. Sign your name on the beam and be a part of Enron history.. Mind s Eye Madness - A Celebration of Innovation!. Introducing an on-site Celebration of Innovation in true Enron-style from April 24th to April 27th!!!. Mind s Eye Madness is a week-long celebration brought to you by Employee Involvement Events and supported by Vince Kaminski.. With a view to highlight advancements in technology, new businesses at Enron and the importance of being yourself, check out the lobby each day during lunch - more details will follow!. Tuesday, April 24th Imagine the Future Wednesday, April 25th Laser-Focused Business Thursday, April 26th The Power of Perspicuity Friday, April 27th Freaky Friday Big E Cafe. Mind s Eye Madness Afternoon Workshops Images of Enron in 2020 on April 24th Join Amy Oberg with EES and Dr. Peter Bishop, Chair Professor of the University of Houston s Future Program, on Tuesday, April 24th, from 1:30pm to 3:30pm to imagine Enron in the year 2020!!. Futures tools will be utilized in this two-hour participatory session where participants will develop alternate scenarios of what Enron might be like in 2020.. This will include developing a snapshot, including Enron s characteristics, culture, businesses and the current business and world environment, looking at the past and present and moving on to the exploring how the future might play out and what Enron might be like at that time.. Space is limited to 40 participants for this afternoon workshop - please contact Jessica at x31918 to reserve your seat.. The results of the session will be shared with Mr. Skilling s office.. Location TBD.. The Painting Experience on April 26th What is it?. An opportunity to break down barriers and rules that limit your creativity on Thursday, April 26th.. This afternoon workshop from 3:30pm to 5:30pm is an experiential creativity program designed especially for the workplace.. The expressive arts offer exciting possibilities for taking creative risks professionally as well as providing valuable insights about how we can come from a place of greater possibility at work.. Space is limited!	Space is limited!	Please contact Jessica at x31918 to reserve your seat.
intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us	Attached is a memorandum from Sullivan Cromwell concerning the above subject.. A summary is also included at the end of the text of this e-mail message.. The attached file is in Adobe Acrobat format.. We believe most PCs will already have an Acrobat viewer loaded; we can provide free copies if Acrobat is not already loaded, and free copies can also be downloaded from the Adobe Acrobat web site at www.adobe.com.. To view or print the memo use your e-mail system s function for opening attachments in their native format.. Hard copies can be obtained from Ivy Moreno at S C in New York, telephone PHONE , e-mail: Morenoi sullcrom.com.. SUMMARY. A task force of staff members from the Commodity Futures Trading Commission the CFTC issued a report in late February that recommends ways to modernize the regulation of exchange and electronic trading of derivatives.. The report, entitled A New Regulatory Framework the Report , proposes a significant restructuring of the CFTC s regulatory responsibilities in an effort to provide markets with flexibility to respond to technological and competitive challenges.. In particular, the task force recommends the adoption of a three-tiered regulatory framework for derivatives exchanges and other trading facilities that are or may be within the CFTC s jurisdiction.. This framework would establish differing levels of oversight depending on the nature of the commodities traded and the sophistication of the market participants.. The Report also proposes that the CFTC regulate the markets and entities that it oversees based on flexible core regulatory principles rather than prescriptive, technical rules.. This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential.	This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential.	If you are not the intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us immediately.
Please read this message from Cynthia and get back to her if you can help.			Please read this message from Cynthia and get back to her if you can help.
Could you please email me a	Tana, I have been trying to get a fax number for you.	Tana, I have been trying to get a fax number for you.	Could you please email me a fax number.
not hear from me please call me  wk 853-7699, hm 972-1208 .	Greg: I will not be able to go to lunch with you, dinner is possible.. I would suggest you wear a suit.. I am not sure at this point who you will interview with, I should know soon.. I will call you 8/23 to talk about Thurs.	I will call you 8/23 to talk about Thurs.	If you do not hear from me please call me wk PHONE , hm PHONE .
Please schedule an interview with this candidate,  Mark McCoy  713-369-9281			Samantha, Please schedule an interview with this candidate, Mark McCoy PHONE for Monday January 24th.
Please coordinate with Kim Melodick to make this happen.			Please coordinate with Kim Melodick to make this happen.
Also, don t forget to check out the current issue -- 20	We re getting so many great stories that we ve extended the deadline for yo ur 20 Enron Business Extreme Enron entries to Wednesday, March 28!. Have no idea 20 what we re talking about?. Read on 01 Enron employees are famous for taking risks.. Is this an ingrained 20 characteristic?. Are we natural-born adrenaline junkies?. We think so, but we 20 want to find out from you.. If your idea of a good vacation is training for the Eco-Challenge, driving 20 monster trucks or assisting archeological digs in Siberia, tell us all abou t 20 it.. If you know of an employee who has an unusual pastime like missionary 20 work in the Congo, chasing tornadoes or filming sharks, we want to know.. Send your entries by email to sarah.palmer enron.com, by fax to 713-853-679 0 20 or by mail to Sarah Palmer, Enron Public Relations, EB4703D, Houston, Texas 20 77002.. We ll choose our favorite extreme stories and publish them in the next issu e 20 of Enron Business.	We ll choose our favorite extreme stories and publish them in the next issu e 20 of Enron Business.	Also, don t forget to check out the current issue -- 20 newly designed -- at http://home.enron.com/pubs/enronbiz/2001/vol1/index.ht m
Please read below for instructions:	The ClickAtHome Database shows that you have placed an order with Dell Computer with an order number of PHONE .	The ClickAtHome Database shows that you have placed an order with Dell Computer with an order number of PHONE .	Please read below for instructions:
about the deals, so please give me a call Mon. AM and let me know what you			-Origin: FOSSUM-D X-FileName: dfossum.nsf
Please confirm my opinion			Please confirm my opinion with Stuart/Chris Meyer to make sure that we have not granted any interconnection rights to Northern Border/Peoples.
not, please fill in the name and forward to me for initialling before the	They appear to have made the changes that we requested.. Do you want me to fill in the name of the Seller and print off 2 originals for signature.	Do you want me to fill in the name of the Seller and print off 2 originals for signature.	If not, please fill in the name and forward to me for initialling before the contract is signed by ENA..
Please respond to kontko	Haven t checked my calendar, but I plan to come.. Been WAY too long.. Best, Jeff	Best, Jeff	Kari Ontko kontko home.com 06/03/2001 05:28 PM Please respond to kontko To: jeff dasovich jdasovic enron.com , laura newman LNewmanSciarrino elanpharma.com , lori hom lhom hotmail.com , pat scatena pat scatena ccm.sc.intel.com , michael spear virgo57 webtv.net , carl hedleston chedleston home.com , madeleine todd madeleinet earthlink.net , alice grubb agrubb calnurses.org , nora mcgee mcgee.nora epamail.epa.gov , jeff walker jlwalker hotmail.com , luis pine padysplace aol.com cc: Subject: It s time for a BBQ!
Please, give me another day to elaborate.	John,	John,	Please, give me another day to elaborate.
Please have every thing packed and ready	Pat, Can you get with Taffy to obtain the boxes and labels for moving.. 20 Thanks. Below is a list of the people that will be moving on the evening of 20 Wednesday, April 4.. 20. If you need boxes contact 36300.	If you need boxes contact 36300.	Please have every thing packed and ready to 20 move by 5:00 pm.
Take a look at it when you get a chance.	Megan,. I changed the demand fee for Jan.. It looks like Trisha has changed the Transport ticket for the .11.. I agree with the header charges.. D. TXU revised their rates for Jan 2001.. They are now billing us at 0.10 and 0.08 for contract 1671.. This was previously billed all at 0.10.. Please change the demand fee on deal 384258 from 3,841,888.11 to 3,830,131.18.. Also, I spoke to TXU about the rate on contract 1856 deal 452475 .. They have been billing us 0.11 and we have 0.10.. The extra cent is for the El Paso header fee.. The pricing you gave me is for contract 1671, but also has the header fee if you look on page 5 of 6.. You ll see a a section called Compression Header Expense if Utilized .. The current rate for 1856 is 0.01 and 0 fuel.. I will leave a copy of the contract in your chair.. Thanks, Megan. I have made the changes mentioned below.. I ve also adjusted the spreadsheet based on our conversation yesterday.	I ve also adjusted the spreadsheet based on our conversation yesterday.	Take a look at it when you get a chance.
Send them with Exhibit A and have them return signed copies that include Exhibit B, which will be a copy of the confirm b/w BMO and Reliant.	The confirms look good.	The confirms look good.	Send them with Exhibit A and have them return signed copies that include Exhibit B, which will be a copy of the confirm b/w BMO and Reliant.
Please reconcile.	The Intra month position total in NCD is not matching the total intra position on the reports going to Lavo and deskheads each morning.	The Intra month position total in NCD is not matching the total intra position on the reports going to Lavo and deskheads each morning.	Please reconcile.
time offer  valid until June 30th  please come by the INFOZONE Kiosk in the	For Flood Relief Donation and Volunteer Opportunities go to 20 http://home.enron.com/flood 20. Find out about Bring Your Child To Work Day, June 29!. The annual Bring Your Child To Work Day is scheduled on Friday, June 29th.. Guidelines for participation:. 1 Parents MUST stay with their children at all times.. Children will not be 20 allowed to participate without their parent in attendance.. 2 Participation in the event is with immediate supervisor 01,s permission only.. 3 Children 6 years and older only.. 4 Participation is limited to children of Enron or contract employees.. 5 Each employee participating MUST sign a release waiver and return it wi th 20 the registration form by Friday, June 22nd.. An email will be distributed this week.. This provide parents with details 20 about the registration process as well as a release waiver.. 20. Get it While it s Hot!. - A Gift From Mervyn s Mervyn s is extending a 15 discount coupon to Enron employees for Men s an d 20 Women s Dockers Casual Businesswear.	- A Gift From Mervyn s Mervyn s is extending a 15 discount coupon to Enron employees for Men s an d 20 Women s Dockers Casual Businesswear.	If you are interested in this limited 20 time offer valid until June 30th please come by the INFOZONE Kiosk in the 20 lobby during lunch on Monday, June 18th to pick up your coupon.
can you pls add california dept of water resources.			can you pls add california dept of water resources.
Please ask wes to come over for 9:30 or earlier			Please ask wes to come over for 9:30 or earlier
To this end, will you please have	TIFP s parent, Temple Inland an ESP , is now willing to provide a 500,000 guaranty.. This makes TIFP an ESP as well.	This makes TIFP an ESP as well.	To this end, will you please have a legal assistant prepare a form of guaranty that would list Temple-Inland Inc. as the guarantor for the Temple-Inland Forest Products Corporation counterparty .
Please confirm these points with Jeremy before finalizing the	Jane:. Typically, we have been widely successful in convincing counterpaties wherever located to agree to either NY or English law to govern ISDA s because NY and England have well developed bodies of financial law and the courts are more likely to understand derivatives transactions.. I also have understood from Terry Taneka at IBJ and an ISDA director that Japanese financial institutions regularly agree to NY and English law.. I realize here we are talking about a Japanese insurance company counterparty.. I think, in this instance, it is ok to agree to Japanese law and courts to get this first Japanese Weather deal documented, but I would like for us to strongly reserve with this company the right to discuss further the choice of law/jurisdiction since I presume we will be negotiating a Master Agreement with them.. Also, the submission to jurisdiction clause should be non-exclusive.. My previous understanding from Jeremy Pitts of B M was that ISDA s and the subject derivative transaction are enforceable under Japanese law and that netting is also generally enforceable .. I also have understood from B M that Japanese courts are very preferable to Japanese arbitrations.	I also have understood from B M that Japanese courts are very preferable to Japanese arbitrations.	Please confirm these points with Jeremy before finalizing the document.
please communicate this to your contact and if they need to speak with	Susan: Here is what John wants to do.. He wants to put everything under the 1996 Master Agreement and is willing to increase their collateral threshold from 10,000,000 to 16,000,000.. He also wants to increase our threshold the same.. He has alos given is permission to do our form updates.	He has alos given is permission to do our form updates.	Could you please communicate this to your contact and if they need to speak with someone in credit, please give them John s name.
Please email a copy to me and to Kim Ward.	Debra and Dan -. Last worksheet from me for a while.. Please prepare a draft and send to:. Mr. Bob Pettinato Los Angeles Department of Water Power 10322 Sunland Blvd.. Sunland, CA 91040	Sunland, CA 91040	Please email a copy to me and to Kim Ward.
Call me ASAP 503-464-8862.	We filed with FERC today a final version of this which I don t yet have .. We need to discuss Enron Wind doing the same.. Also, you d need to send a letter to the PX terminating your particiaption agreement.. I ll send you the letter we sent.. I m assuming you would want to get out of the CTS market as well as the Day-ahead and Day-of.	I m assuming you would want to get out of the CTS market as well as the Day-ahead and Day-of.	Call me ASAP PHONE .
Would you please prepare a	Paul:. I originally sent this request to Ed but I understand from Mike Curry that you handled credit for the physical agreements.	I originally sent this request to Ed but I understand from Mike Curry that you handled credit for the physical agreements.	Would you please prepare a credit worksheet for this counterparty or direct the request to the appropriate person?
Please plan to attend a meeting on Monday, June 11th at 11:00am in EB 3143b			Please plan to attend a meeting on Monday, June 11th at 11:00am in EB 3143b .
t:  Please print for me.			t: Please print for me.
In the memo line of your check please write: Earthquake-Peru, to ensure 20	Catch the Wave!. Join the Enron/MDA Beach Bowl!. !. Help us strike a blow against ALS at the 3rd annual Enron/MDA Beach Bowl!. 20 This year s event will be held on July 14th at Palace Lanes in Bellaire.. 20 Come have a great time while raising money for ALS Lou Gehrig s disease 20 research.. It doesn t matter if you bowl a 50 or a 300, as long as you have 20 fun!. Call Lindsay Meade at ext.. 34551 or Geriann Warner at ext.. 35036 for 20 more information!. Make a donation to the Peru Earthquake Relief Fund!. Peru is beginning reconstruction after a powerful earthquake devastated the 20 southern region of the Andean highlands last Saturday.. The 8.1-magnitude 20 earthquake, that has been recently upgraded to the great quake category - 20 the most powerful according to the U.S. Geological Survey- triggered a 20 tsunami that crashed into the seaport town of Camana destroying more houses 20 and raising the death toll.. Up to now, the earthquake has left over 100 20 people dead, 1,374 injured and 47,696 homeless.. The people who lost their 20 homes have been forced to sleep on the ground in Peru s frigid Andes 20 highlands, tents provided by the army and by some help organizations does n ot 20 provide sufficient issulation against winter temperatures in that region.. 20 Help is urgently needed.. If you would like to contribute to this cause plea se 20 send your donations to:	If you would like to contribute to this cause plea se 20 send your donations to:	American Red Cross 2700 Southwest Freeway 20 Houston TX 77098 In the memo line of your check please write: Earthquake-Peru, to ensure 20 funds are canalized correctly
Please send him a password.	Rod Hayslett is approved to receive the read only version of the Daily Market Summary.	Rod Hayslett is approved to receive the read only version of the Daily Market Summary.	Please send him a password.
Please print the report and memo, and mark your changes.	Didn ;t one of you guys review this for all of us last time?. Let me know--my memory isn t helping me today.. Marhta, please print the stuff for me.. thanks all DF. Attached for your review and comment is the 1st draft of the above subject report and the distribution memo for the same.	Attached for your review and comment is the 1st draft of the above subject report and the distribution memo for the same.	Please print the report and memo, and mark your changes.
PS to Diana--could you print out the attachments to any of those emails and	Rod, there has been, but I can t pick up attachments on vacation.. By copy of this, I m asking my assistant, Diana, to forward to you any emails from Clifford Chance that have been received since Thursday the 13th.. I ll be pouring through those on my return, no doubt!	I ll be pouring through those on my return, no doubt!	PS to Diana--could you print out the attachments to any of those emails and leave them on my desk.
call me directly, whichever you prefer.	Hi: Thanks for the wires story.. I talked to Dorothy and we re square.	I talked to Dorothy and we re square.	If anyone tries to make any other changes, please let me know first or have them call me directly, whichever you prefer.
Anyway, give me a call when you get a minute.	Juan,. How are you?. I ran into Jaime Bustos last week and your name came up.. How s the family?. Any more kids?. We re doing well in Louisville.. You may already know this, but Sterling and I started a company a few years ago that provides information to the energy markets on plant output.. Pretty interesting stuff.	Pretty interesting stuff.	Anyway, give me a call when you get a minute.
regarding purchasing from Enron Canada please ask me.	Group, We have some changes regarding Enron Canada.. One...they have hired their own staff to handle the dispatching of the Transalta units into and out of the pool.. We will still serve as a back-up resource for questions from their new staff.. And some of their new hires will be rotating down here to get a better understanding of what we do.. Two...as a result of having staff, they will be having more of an opportunity to purchase transmission across BC to the US.. When this happens we typically will have very little time to sell this power mostly we get called on the status of the power at the bottom .. However, please keep in mind that this power is typically priced between 10 and 65 a mw.	However, please keep in mind that this power is typically priced between 10 and 65 a mw.	If you have questions regarding purchasing from Enron Canada please ask me.
Please review the attached letter to Arizona Public Service Company  APS .	Approved, subject to Drew s approval.. Drew, the agency letter is the same as the one with Oneok, except we ve omitted some meaningless language that Oneok had requested.. TRANSWESTERN CONTRACT APPROVAL REQUEST	TRANSWESTERN CONTRACT APPROVAL REQUEST	Please review the attached letter to Arizona Public Service Company APS .
Please add your comments when you feel the need for legal tracking purposes	Click on this icon to have access to the New Power Contracts database.. If it does not work, let me know.	If it does not work, let me know.	Please add your comments when you feel the need for legal tracking purposes or if you want to show a record of a discussion with a CP or Enron person.
Look over and give me your feedback.	I m a little uncomfortable with saying TW defers to the consensus position of the non-SoCal settlement parties so often.. Could we just not say anything on those items?. Or say TW has no comment at this time.. Would the other parties be put off if we were silent on these issues?. Attached see my marked-up version of your work product.. Mark, I think you did an excellent job of identifying TW s position in all of the issue in the GIR.. However, on editing, you ll see that I truncated some of the TW comments in favor of a slightly shorter document -- particularly in those areas in which it was questionable whether we have a direct interest or not.	However, on editing, you ll see that I truncated some of the TW comments in favor of a slightly shorter document -- particularly in those areas in which it was questionable whether we have a direct interest or not.	Look over and give me your feedback.
please send out confirm at your earliest convenience.	Debra, Dan, and Ellen -. Deal QZ2383.1, with Weirton Steel Corporation, is approved by Credit, subject to the inclusion in the confirm of specific credit provisions.. Debra: This is the deal that we discussed late last week, where you had worked up an ENFOLIO FIRM CONFIRMATION attached below with the credit terms that I had provided.. Jennifer Shipos informs me that the estimated price per Mmbtu is 6.13 for inclusion in the commercial terms section of the ENFOLIO confirmation actual pricing is NYMEX plus 0.31 basis .. Ellen: Please send out the confirm ONLY upon receipt of the ENFOLIO documents from Debra.. The documents below are simply drafts, and can not be sent with the confirm.. It is imperative that the credit provisions are included in this confirmation.	It is imperative that the credit provisions are included in this confirmation.	Once you have received these from Debra, please send out confirm at your earliest convenience.
Please indicated approval via REPLY WITH HISTORY.	OK?. Is the per unit rate for the Cal Border deliveries kosher on a firm contract?. DF. TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE CONTRACT APPROVAL REQUEST. Please review the attached non-standard discount letter for Duke Energy Trading Marketing.. The one year contract for 10,000 Dth/d provides for primary EOT-EOT transportation.. Duke is allowed to transport to SoCal/Needles at an incremental rate based upon actual utilization.. Duke has retained ROFR rights and rights to capacity release revenues above the discounted rate.	Duke has retained ROFR rights and rights to capacity release revenues above the discounted rate.	Please indicated approval via REPLY WITH HISTORY.
Also can someone please send a copy to me for my file.	Marie, also as per below re: ECI, please get a copy of the tax i.d.. form from Stephanie.	form from Stephanie.	Also can someone please send a copy to me for my file.
Please make the effective date of the change order the date of execution.	Kay and Kathy:	Kay and Kathy:	Please make the effective date of the change order the date of execution.
process, please call the PEP Help Desk at the following numbers:	NOTE: YOU WILL RECEIVE THIS MESSAGE EACH TIME YOU ARE SELECTED AS A REVIEWER.. You have been selected to participate in the Mid-Year 2000 Performance Management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee s that have been identified for you.. Your feedback plays an important role in the performance management process, and your participation is very critical to the success of Enron s Performance Management goals.. Please provide feedback on the employee s listed below by accessing the Performance Management System PEP and completing an online feedback form as described in the Performance Management Quick Reference Guide .. You may begin your feedback input immediately.. Please have all feedback forms completed by the date noted below.	Please have all feedback forms completed by the date noted below.	If you have any questions regarding PEP or your responsibility in the process, please call the PEP Help Desk at the following numbers:
plz call asap re: dow reporter called to talk ISO peakers.			plz call asap re: dow reporter called to talk ISO peakers.
Please call and introduce yourself.	thanks. FYI.. I spoke with Steve.. Seems like they have not been successful with plan A, i.e.. to get their investors to give them authority to trade OTC as well as futures.. They have moved on to plan B which is to take one of their domestic funds approx.. 500mm under mgt off the floor futures only and into OTC trading.. Still has the rating problem with Enron, but I am trying to get him to arrange a conference call with their CFO so I can discuss ways around it.. He will try to do so this week.. Mind you, I left it at this point the last time I spoke with him a couple of months ago and it seemed to stall.. I ll keep chasing it.. Per. Per: I ve talked to him several times in the past.. I told him that you would call because of your experience with setting up funds.. They have two main problems.. One is setting up their internal systems.. Second, they have credit problems with a BBB .	Second, they have credit problems with a BBB .	Please call and introduce yourself.
higher-quality print, please ask the sender to send pictures using the	Zooey,?. This is one of the better pictures taken by Sharon with my digital camera.?. Hope you all enjoy.?. Will be mailing you hard copies of pictures and copy of VHS video.?. Love Dad.. ?. ?. To view the picture, double-click the icon.. If asked what program to open it with, select your Internet browser.. To learn more about this program, please visit our Web site at http://pictureit.msn.com.. This Medium picture is best for screen viewing.	This Medium picture is best for screen viewing.	If you want to print a higher-quality print, please ask the sender to send pictures using the Large setting.
Please review and provide me with your feedback.			Please review and provide me with your feedback.
Please forward comments on this Technical Bulletin, via email,	Dear Market Participant,. Technical Bulletin 73 - Payment for uninstructed over-generation from off-dispatch generating units - is being distributed for Market Participant comment.. The Technical Bulletin will be posted to the NYISO web site following the comment period.. The purpose of our Technical Bulletins is to facilitate participation in the NYISO by communicating various NYISO concepts, techniques, and processes to Market Participants before they can be formally documented in a NYISO manual.	The purpose of our Technical Bulletins is to facilitate participation in the NYISO by communicating various NYISO concepts, techniques, and processes to Market Participants before they can be formally documented in a NYISO manual.	Please forward comments on this Technical Bulletin, via email, by 5PM on Thursday, August 16, 2001 to:
process, please call the PEP Help Desk at the following numbers:	NOTE: YOU WILL RECEIVE THIS MESSAGE EACH TIME YOU ARE SELECTED AS A REVIEWER.. You have been selected to participate in the Mid-Year 2000 Performance Management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee s that have been identified for you.. Your feedback plays an important role in the performance management process, and your participation is very critical to the success of Enron s Performance Management goals.. Please provide feedback on the employee s listed below by accessing the Performance Management System PEP and completing an online feedback form as described in the Performance Management Quick Reference Guide .. You may begin your feedback input immediately.. Please have all feedback forms completed by the date noted below.	Please have all feedback forms completed by the date noted below.	If you have any questions regarding PEP or your responsibility in the process, please call the PEP Help Desk at the following numbers:
Please give comments on our product list for Brazil.			Please give comments on our product list for Brazil.
With regards to your phone message, please send me an e-mail with the changes			With regards to your phone message, please send me an e-mail with the changes you want.
Please use the next week to clean up our database of delivery locations and regions currently still in Enpower.			Please use the next week to clean up our database of delivery locations and regions currently still in Enpower.
Please include the following changes to the item listed as b. in the below			Please include the following changes to the item listed as b. in the below email
When they have completed the revision, please ask them to reissue the confirmations to Bank of Montreal and Reliant, respectively.	Marie:. Can you please forward the following paragraph to the confirm desk and ask them to revise confirmationYH2566.1, YH2564.1 and YH2567.1 by replacing the first full paragraph on page 2 of each of the three confirmations replacing the paragraph that begins Each of the parties to this Agreement recognizes and acknowledges that the parties are acting and agreeing to perform their obligations hereunder in reliance upon .. .. .. with the paragraph that follows.	with the paragraph that follows.	When they have completed the revision, please ask them to reissue the confirmations to Bank of Montreal and Reliant, respectively.
Please review and let me know what you think.	David,	David,	Please review and let me know what you think.
send me your fax number?	Michele: I just wanted to confirm with you that you had everything you need in connection with my maternity leave/leave of absence.. As I think I indicated to you, the December 31 date that Mark gave in his e-mail to you is a tentative date and I may return earlier or with Mark s permission, extend the date.. Please call me if you have any questions.. I will send you the doctor s note showing the delivery date once that occurs.	I will send you the doctor s note showing the delivery date once that occurs.	could you please send me your fax number?
Could you please increase Timet s deliveries to COH 8-35 on K64939 to the full	Joann,	Joann,	Could you please increase Timet s deliveries to COH 8-35 on K64939 to the full 2300 dth/day for June?
To sign up please call or visit the pro shop 281-540-1818.	Tour 18 Houston October 27, 2001 In this edition ... 1.. Great rates for groups of 12 or more during Nov. Dec. 2.. Umbrella Club - 5 days left to receive 49.95 pricing 3.. E-club Weekly Specials 4.. Arnold Palmer Golf Academy in Orlando, FL Do you know anyone who would be interested in this exclusive offering?. If so, Please forward this newsletter to your friends, or, to have an address added to out list, please reply to Tour18Houston Palmergolf.com with the word ADD in the Subject line and include the new e-mail address.. You can now book your reservation on-line at http://tour18houston.golfreserve.com Ask about our Fall group rates for 12 or more!. Play Monday - Thursday between November 12 and December 19, 2001 and receive great package pricing!. Offer not valid for groups booked before special promotion window listed above, and some restrictions apply!. Contact Kim Inman to book your group or for event booking details PHONE ext 17 or kinman palmergolf.com.. Umbrella Club As an Umbrella Club member you will receive another level of savings and advantages including discounts during peak season when email discount may not be available.. The following are the details of the Umbrella Club: More of an aggressive discount off the rate.. Up to 10.00 off the regular E-club rates.. 10 discount off regular rack rates when e-club and u-club rates are not available.. USGA certified handicap service One free round of golf Monday through Wednesday valid until 03/28/01. The Umbrella Club will be offered at 49.95 tax until October 31, 2001.. Starting November 1, 2001, the price will increase to 69.95 tax.. Be sure to take advantage of this great offer before the price increases!. The club benefits are good for one year from date of purchase.	The club benefits are good for one year from date of purchase.	To sign up please call or visit the pro shop PHONE .
Please bring your Lexis-Nexis login ID and password.	eSource presents Lexis-Nexis training Attend one of our Topical Lexis-Nexis Clinics:. Advanced This session will cover advanced searching tips.. It will also cover using Smart Indexing to narrow your search results.. Find out how to customize your desktop for easier searching.. Industry Research Learn tips for finding industry information on Lexis-Nexis.. Find statistics and other topics like market share, industry trends, and industry forecasts.. Explore industry information beyond the news.. Seats fill up fast!	Seats fill up fast!	To reserve a seat, please call Stephanie E. Taylor at 5-7928 The cost is 25.00 Per Person No Shows will be charged 50.00 Please bring your Lexis-Nexis login ID and password.
call me at 713 853 9280 or 713 303 4633.	Lou,. Here are a few talking points for the program...note that the loan to employees covering excercise cost has to be recourse we re looking into the impact of this new information from AA .	Here are a few talking points for the program...note that the loan to employees covering excercise cost has to be recourse we re looking into the impact of this new information from AA .	If you d like to discuss the details behind any of the points, feel free to call me at PHONE or PHONE .
send me a copy and let me know how much you want to increase same.	I have reviewed the amendment to the Gty, but I need to see the Gty.	I have reviewed the amendment to the Gty, but I need to see the Gty.	Please send me a copy and let me know how much you want to increase same.
please forward this message to members thestreet.com, or call	This offer has been sent to you by TheStreet.com because you are currently or have been a subscriber either free-trial or paid to one of our websites, http://www.thestreet.com or http://www.realmoney.com.	This offer has been sent to you by TheStreet.com because you are currently or have been a subscriber either free-trial or paid to one of our websites, http://www.thestreet.com or http://www.realmoney.com.	If you are not a current or former subscriber, and you believe you received this message in error, please forward this message to members thestreet.com, or call our customer service department at PHONE .
Sheila- please double check with the London HR people that this is	Spoke with John Sherriff this am re prc for London RAC people.. John said they included our people for cross calibration purposes but we could rank our people where we saw fit.. So I don t think there is any issue here.. The Houston PRC rankings should stand unless there was new information brought to light to you Steve that calls into question a person s ranking.	The Houston PRC rankings should stand unless there was new information brought to light to you Steve that calls into question a person s ranking.	Sheila- please double check with the London HR people that this is straightened out.
Please provide myself and Sylvia updates on the ISDA and Master Firm Purchase	Don t know what you are talking about.. They gave Sylvia their form with their view of how the world should revolve around their wishes in October 2000.. She sent it up here is late January for Legal s initial review.. I understand it mimics the Utilicorp agreement.. If you have some incite that would lead you to believe that they would sign our Master, please send me a credit worksheet so that I can prepare a Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement.. Also please give me a contact so that we can forward the new contract to that person for execution.. Debra Perlingiere Enron North America Corp. Legal Department 1400 Smith Street, EB 3885 Houston, Texas 77002 dperlin enron.com Phone PHONE Fax PHONE . To All:	To All:	Please provide myself and Sylvia updates on the ISDA and Master Firm Purchase Sale contract negotiation with EnergyOne Ventures LP.
1  Mark T/Debbie: Can you both confirm that you have reviewed and approved	Just wanted to let you know that Australia is aiming for a March 20 launch.	Just wanted to let you know that Australia is aiming for a March 20 launch.	1 Mark T/Debbie: Can you both confirm that you have reviewed and approved the Australian customer list?
Please review the instructions,	I have a call into the compliance officer who supposedly sent the docs.. At the request of Michael Schneider I have attached a .zip file containing the documentation we require in order for Enron NA Corp to open listed options accounts with JP Morgan Securities Inc.	At the request of Michael Schneider I have attached a .zip file containing the documentation we require in order for Enron NA Corp to open listed options accounts with JP Morgan Securities Inc.	Please review the instructions, complete the necessary docs and feel free to contact me with any questions 212/ PHONE .
Please respond to  nmann erac.com	I don t know what I have in mind.. Austin?. Palacios?. I m still struggling with the concept that if we see my parents for a holiday, we have to include your mom, or vice versa.. That just wasn t how it worked in our family growing up - we typically spent holidays with one or the other, rarely with both.. I m trying to figure out the rules.. I haven t heard from St Francis yet.. Kay	Kay	Neil Mann nmann erac.com on 09/19/2000 11:38:04 AM Please respond to nmann erac.com To: Kay.Mann enron.com cc:
Please review it and execute two  2  copies soon as possible.	FYI - See Ed s comments.. We helped ENA significantly in getting this Favor from our friends at PSE G and it is a good feeling to see that they recognized it.. Attached please find the long awaited, much anticipated Garden State Paper/Public Service Electric Gas amendment which will do the following for GSP: 1 Secure TETCO M3 receipt through 10/31/2007 2 Secure the current discounted LDC transportation rate through 10/31/07 I have reviewed the document and it seems in good order.. This agreement does hedge GSP against increases in the base transportation rate on the LDC and insures that GSP will have TETCO M3 as opposed to the currently higher Transco Z6 NY as its receipt point, but it does NOT hedge GSP s M3 basis exposure.. That exposure can be hedged through ENA or other wholesale gas trading companies.	That exposure can be hedged through ENA or other wholesale gas trading companies.	Please review it and execute two 2 copies soon as possible.
Make sure you copy it exactly as it appears above.	should we tell all interested parties?. Sexy, yet sophisticated.. Naughty, yet classy.. She s just swell.. Tonight would be fine.. Tomorrow is the UK-Ole Miss game.. shes pretty sexy, huh?. are we getting together to talk europe tonoght?. Eric, you have way too much time on your hands.. Damn boy, are you gonna bust a move on the secretary?. Hi!. I d like to invite you to: Super Bowl Party. Just click on the link below, and it will take you to my personal Evite event page to see everyone s comments, RSVP, and get all the details.. http://www.evite.com/respond?iid AIKFBNAYGEFDHRZFVUSW. I hope you can make it, and I look forward to seeing your reply on the event page!. Cheers!. Eric Bass. HAVING TROUBLE?. If nothing happens when you click the link above, use your mouse to cut and paste the entire address into your Web browser, then hit return.	If nothing happens when you click the link above, use your mouse to cut and paste the entire address into your Web browser, then hit return.	Make sure you copy it exactly as it appears above.
Please get address for these and I will add to our list.	Michelle, per your request, please find attached the customer list for the EOL letter.. Please note, the following were not listed on the original list:. Coastal Merchang Energy, L.P. Enron Energy Services, Inc. EOG Resources, Inc. Occidental Energy Marketing, Inc. San Diego Gas Electric Company	Coastal Merchang Energy, L.P. Enron Energy Services, Inc. EOG Resources, Inc. Occidental Energy Marketing, Inc. San Diego Gas Electric Company	Please get address for these and I will add to our list.
Could you please call me to	Mr. Dever: Jeff Sorenson forwarded to me the March 21 letter that you sent to him in response to our Annex A letter.. Your letter refers to chnages that we have previously agreed to.. I pulled the latest confirm that we entered into with your company and didn t see any chnages.	I pulled the latest confirm that we entered into with your company and didn t see any chnages.	Could you please call me to discuss?
Please look at the data and let me know if any problems are there.	The MON data for MILL RUN,SOMERSET,KLONDIKE has already loaded into development database.. The data has been loaded for indian mesa 2 for Jan Feb directory.How ever some turbines have less data because they do not having full month data.The total number of records are 2770.. The MON files of feb 2002 for MONFORT has been loaded.Total number of records are 558.	The MON files of feb 2002 for MONFORT has been loaded.Total number of records are 558.	Please look at the data and let me know if any problems are there.
Please review the attached summary.	Pursuant to the June 15th Ruling of ALJ DeUlloa, the UDCs filed testimony on the revenue requirements for their retained generation and associated ratemaking mechanisms.. Attached is a brief summary of each of the UDCs proposals.. Rebuttal testimony is due next Monday the 2nd.. A prehearing conference is scheduled for the 5th, with the hearing to begin on the 9th.. In a related matter, both SCE and PG E filed motions to include as part of the scope of the proceeding, the issue of the implementation and allocation of DWR s revenue requirement.. Specifically the UDCs believe the Commission needs to 1 ensure that DWR s revenue requirement recovery does not jeopardize recovery of the Commission determined URG revenue requirement 2 the allocation of the revenue requirement among the investor owned utilities; and 3 the allocation of the revenue requirement amount the customers of each utility once the inter-utility allocation is completed.. The ALJ has not yet ruled on whether these issues will become part of the proceeding.	The ALJ has not yet ruled on whether these issues will become part of the proceeding.	Please review the attached summary.
Could you check with Diana about this trade.	Kate, This trade was changed on Feb. 20 from COB to Portland General as the delivery point.	Kate, This trade was changed on Feb. 20 from COB to Portland General as the delivery point.	Could you check with Diana about this trade.
please call me at the number listed below.	Attached are drafts of documents that we prepared and LLGM fixed.. Per the request of John Klauberg, attached please find a first draft of a Settlement Agreement and an Assignment and Assumption Agreement relating to the proposed transaction between EES, EPMI, PGE and Morgan Stanley.. We look forward to discussing these drafts with you at your earliest convenience.. All attached documents are in MSWord 97 format.	All attached documents are in MSWord 97 format.	If you have any questions, please call me at the number listed below.
Please review and provide comments			Please review and provide comments
If the ISO cuts the generation please call	This unit is down all weekend and Monday.. Take this out of CAPS for these hours.. Thanks, Holden. Also, Chris Foster would like us to monitor the schedule crawler for all the generators on an hourly basis.	Also, Chris Foster would like us to monitor the schedule crawler for all the generators on an hourly basis.	If the ISO cuts the generation please call the generators so they can ramp down and avoid the Dec.
Who should get the copy and could you please give	I will assume you de man on this one.. AGL just sent me a copy of an existing contract on Transco that has been converted to a new type of contract.. I assume this is one that is released to us for their Choice program.	I assume this is one that is released to us for their Choice program.	Who should get the copy and could you please give me a fax number?
Sue - can you look at the attached info and take a shot at completing this			Sue - can you look at the attached info and take a shot at completing this summary.
Please contact Sherri Sera  7	Original Message. Executive Committee Weekly Meeting. Conf.. Call: 09AT T lines have been reserved.	Call: 09AT T lines have been reserved.	Please contact Sherri Sera 7 13/ PHONE or 20 09 09Suzanne Danz 713/ PHONE for the weekly dial-in number and passcod e.
Dale: Please upload this new PA in place of the NA PA on Friday.	Bob/Sheri,. Attached is the PA which should be sent to customers with the Auction packs.. Note it is different from the U.S. PA which is currently on the system.	Note it is different from the U.S. PA which is currently on the system.	Dale: Please upload this new PA in place of the NA PA on Friday.
Can you send me the ISDA with Annexes et al to me for electronic distribution	tana	tana	Can you send me the ISDA with Annexes et al to me for electronic distribution to GM folks?
Please read this version rather than the first version I sent you.	Karen- please print this out.. I need to edit this.. Thanks, Rick. I changed the second paragraph in the attached article on RAC for Enron Business.	I changed the second paragraph in the attached article on RAC for Enron Business.	Please read this version rather than the first version I sent you.
review and let me know your comments by 12 noon on Wednesday.	This was sent out for comments.. Among those it was sent to is Ken Lay.. Greg, I thought you needed to know.. FYI. Attached is a draft of the letter we d like to send to our 16,000 residential customers on Friday.	Attached is a draft of the letter we d like to send to our 16,000 residential customers on Friday.	Please review and let me know your comments by 12 noon on Wednesday.
missed someone, please include and email me a new version of this excel file.	Attached is a contact sheet for the Agricultural Team as of 7/25.	Attached is a contact sheet for the Agricultural Team as of 7/25.	If I have missed someone, please include and email me a new version of this excel file.
if so, please forward to me so can collect and make sure outside	richard, please advise as to how you want to handle.. some fact collecting/document collecting to do and everyone wants to talk about a little emotional .. can i pass the ball to you?. ?. Lisa J. Mellencamp Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith St. Houston, TX 77002 Tel: PHONE Fax: PHONE . to all: i have call into john klauberg at leboeuf to check status of their conflict issues.. i heard on friday that they were close to resolving and could likely handle the litigation which would be my preference.. i pulled back the conference call last week so we could nail down the representation issue first.. no need to get more than one firm up to speed.. i have copy of stuff from elaine re your file joe.. does anyone else have file?	does anyone else have file?	if so, please forward to me so can collect and make sure outside counsel has all.
Please call  me.	Vince, Two candidates for your review.	Vince, Two candidates for your review.	Please call me.
Please use this as my new eMail.	Hi Steve and Maureen!	Hi Steve and Maureen!	Please use this as my new eMail.
Pls review file and if there are any questions give me a call.	Further to our conversation please find attached the curves on the JM Huber transaction that we have agreed to work off of.. The 30,000/day of capacity will sit on the books until next week but the deal with HUBER is effectively completed.. In the event that this deal does not close, then the West desk will resume with the same MTM risks that you presently have.. Any curve shift positive from now until the transaction is actually unwound will be credited back to the orig desk and any negative curve shift from here on in will be credited to the trading desk... plus ENA Orig and trading will work on a sharing calculation payable for any future deals.. In addition to the transportation income being generated, additional orig will be generated by entering into wellhead and market based transactions with the desks.. I believe that all of the risks and discussions associated with the structures have been well communicated with each book by Mark Whitt and we will be meeting with each of you early next week to get the structures and booking set up properly.. I trust that this note covers the general areas related to this deal and I am very pleased with the high level of cooperation shown by everyone..	I trust that this note covers the general areas related to this deal and I am very pleased with the high level of cooperation shown by everyone..	Pls review file and if there are any questions give me a call.
Please schedule this candidate for an interview.			Please schedule this candidate for an interview.
Please give me a call today at work, or else on my cell tomorrow.	Gentlemen:. I m going to be in Houston for meetings on Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday.. Unfortunately, I have client dinners on both Tuesday and Wednesday evening, but could still meet up for a drink afterwards, about 9pm somewhere.. Hopefully, this can work for you guys, as I d like to catch up.	Hopefully, this can work for you guys, as I d like to catch up.	Please give me a call today at work, or else on my cell tomorrow.
Please call and leave him a	Bob,. He is now in town he arrived on Monday .	He is now in town he arrived on Monday .	Please call and leave him a voicemail.
Should you prefer to read this Briefing online with all hyperlinks active, an HTML version can be accessed at -- http://www.ipanet.net/briefing/brief.cfm?num 33.			The IPAnet Briefing Volume 4, Issue 10, October 2001
please confirm this is correct on volumes and  pricing			please confirm this is correct on volumes and pricing - Quote VVMed 04-27-01.xls
him, so please watch for my phone so it doesn t go into voice mail.	I m expecting John Schroeder from GE between 2-230.	I m expecting John Schroeder from GE between 2-230.	I really need to see him, so please watch for my phone so it doesn t go into voice mail.
Doug and Brian,  can you forward this to Chris Germany.			Doug and Brian, can you forward this to Chris Germany.
information, give me a call at 503 636-7134, or call my General Counsel, Al	Hi Jeff.. I hope you are enjoying the challenge of running Enron in the midst of all the excitement and change in the energy industry.. I want to bring to your attention an issue that affects me quite directly in my new role as CEO of TransElect, an independent electric transmission company.. I think it also affects Enron in a very significant way.. The National Grid has applied to the FERC for a declaratory order that would permit the Grid to operate the Alliance RTO this is a Midwest RTO that includes AEP, Exelon, DTE, CMS, First Energy and Dominion .. I believe quite strongly that FERC should deny this petition because the Grid is a significant owner of both distribution and generation assets in the Northeast New England Electric and Niagara Mohawk .. It is a very small step from this decision to one that would allow Southern to operate GridSouth, or one that would allow Entergy to operate the Florida RTO in exchange for FP L operating the Entergy RTO.. As a matter of National policy, transmission operators should be independent of either the wholesale or retail electric markets.. As a business issue, many transmission owners are reluctant to divest of transmission because they retain hope that their transmission can be used to protect above market native generation.. How would you like to try shipping power into the Northeast with the Grid, a major retail supplier and a significant generator, controlling access to the market?. I think it is important that the FERC give the Grid a no on the request for permission.. It is even more important that the issue be decided by the new FERC .. There is a disturbing indication that the outgoing chairman might okay this request on his way out the door.. I urge you to intervene as a way to both slow down the freight train and as a way to get the right answer out of FERC.	I urge you to intervene as a way to both slow down the freight train and as a way to get the right answer out of FERC.	If you or your General Counsel would like more information, give me a call at PHONE , or call my General Counsel, Al Statman, at PHONE .
the office, please drop me an e-mail where you can be reached.	FYI.... Jane Wilson is our government affairs person in Mumbai.. We were served summons by the Customs Office in Surat asking for meetings with our platform managers and on Dec.12th we sent two representatives operations mgr legal to answer their questions.. Over a two day period they inquired about production and logistical issues and asked a number of questions regarding product delivery points, pricing formulas, etc.. In summary, they are trying to build a case that the gas and maybe even the crude we sell in India is subject to a 10-12 customs duty since it is produced outside of the 12 mile territorial limit.. They are trying to make the case that we are importing the gas and oil into India.. Obviously this is not the case and there is no merit for such consideration, but we don t want to let this idea get entered as a show/cause filing against Enron and our partners.. There would be remedies such as court or arbitration, but the timing to resolve this is probably 1-2 years.. Furthermore, this issue would most likely impact current efforts we have on-going.. Therefore, we are taking the issue very seriously and plan to meet in Mumbai next Thursday to chart an appropriate course of action.. Once we meet, we will get back to Cliff and Jim Derrick regarding our recommendation on Thursday morning December 21st Houston time.	Once we meet, we will get back to Cliff and Jim Derrick regarding our recommendation on Thursday morning December 21st Houston time.	Cliff and Jim, if you are planning to be out of the office, please drop me an e-mail where you can be reached.
Please call before you leave and please send me your contact information when			Please call before you leave and please send me your contact information when you have it for your new job.
need your help!			need your help!
Please review the network access specified above and inform European NT	NT Logon information for European IT Support. The following person is a new starter:. Network and Notes Account have been created for them.. Network accounts have been set so that they will have to change their passwords at first logon.. Notes IDs have also been copied into their H: Lotus Notes4 Data directories.. The Notes default password is notespassword!. This will need to be synchronised with their NT account.	This will need to be synchronised with their NT account.	Please review the network access specified above and inform European NT Administration via Notes Mail if further network access is required or if the access given is incorrect in any way.
Please get with Fred to get something working.			Please get with Fred to get something working.
Hi Chris, Can you please give me a list of all of the middle market traders?			Hi Chris, Can you please give me a list of all of the middle market traders?
Please respond no later than Tueday August 1.	I have no changes to the Beeson disclosure. Find below the Litigation and Other Contingencies footnote from the the Mar ch 20 31, 2000 Form 10-Q.. Please update the section of the disclosure for which 20 you are responsible for inclusion in the second quarter 2000 Form 10Q .. 20 Also, please let me know if there are any new items that should be consider ed.	20 Also, please let me know if there are any new items that should be consider ed.	Please respond no later than Tueday August 1.
Can you please grant access to Robert Badeer for TAGG/ERMS.			Can you please grant access to Robert Badeer for TAGG/ERMS.
Please take a few minutes	We hope your experience with the Clickathome ordering website, vendors and our ClickAtHome Portal has been exciting and fun for you!. We need your feedback to determine next steps of the program.	We need your feedback to determine next steps of the program.	Please take a few minutes to fill out the Portal Survey.
Please have a copy sent to	Sara, there is no paralegal yet working this deal.. It is an old Susan Flyn n 20 deal and no credit has been received.. Unless you appoint a paralegal to 20 handle this I expect I will still be the paralegal that gets the snotty 20 emails and phone calls from Jen and from Rich Lassander.. I m not sure who is handling.. Tanya is supposed to prepare credit.. Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas 770 PHONE phone PHONE fax sara.shackleton enron.com. Below you will find the full contact information.	Below you will find the full contact information.	Please have a copy sent to 20 Richard Lassander as well.
Please follow up with Florida P L and DLJIC.	Welcome back!	Welcome back!	Please follow up with Florida P L and DLJIC.
Please provide your comments, if	Allyson called Friday afternoon to tell me they would be sending this out Friday, and it needed to be reviewed quickly.. It never came.. I left a message Friday afternoon, asking where it was.. They sent it to me on Saturday.. I left out the really bad part.. I had to leave early on Friday because Michael s sitter who picks him up from school everyday had a heart attack.. She s still in St. Luke s.. I ll take a look at it.. ckm. did you get this?. ?. Lisa J. Mellencamp Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith St. Houston, TX 77002 Tel: PHONE Fax: PHONE . Attached for your review and comment is the latest draft of the CPCN application to be submitted on Monday.	Attached for your review and comment is the latest draft of the CPCN application to be submitted on Monday.	Please provide your comments, if any, by Monday morning so that we can file the application and Jeffrey s testimony that afternoon.
Please wordsmith as necessary.	Lee,. Here is the Agave I/C agreement.. I made a few changes.. Please review:. Para 1: Agave....a New Mexico corporation.... Article 2.1: term of ...five 5 years Article 3.3: New paragraph.	Article 2.1: term of ...five 5 years Article 3.3: New paragraph.	Please wordsmith as necessary.
Please confirm your fax number  614-760-2794  and I	FYI - we are moving our local production behind Peoples to Clinton s pool.. John, I assume you will be the one talking to the producer.. Forwarded by Chris Germany/HOU/ECT on 07/14/2000 07:31 AM. Paul,. An Amendment to Appendix C will need to completed by both the pool that the meters are being transferred from and the pool that the meters are being transferred to.. I have discussed this issue with Heidi Boyd at Columbia Energy and I believe she will complete this form on their behalf in order to delete the meters.. You will also need to complete this form in order to add the meters to Clinton s LGA pool once the Pooling Agreement has been completed and the pool becomes effective.. I will fax the form to Heidi this morning.. It must also be signed by the producer.	It must also be signed by the producer.	Please confirm your fax number PHONE and I will be happy to fax the form to you as well.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Soren Kisiel 8015 Lookfar Way Bozeman, MT 59715 ktands aol.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please call me at you earliest convenience to resolve this.	I left you a voicemail as well.. I just wanted to drop you a line to tell you that it appears the ESOP rollover into Savings Plan ocurred as we discussed last week.. I got into the Savings Plan on Friday 11/23 and moved the Enron shares to Stable Assets also as we discussed.. It appears that the price used was Monday s close of 4.01 instead of Friday s close of 4.71.. So where do we go from here?. I am assuming per our previous meeting that whether 4.01 or 4.71 is used; that one of these prices will be used to keep me whole versus a price sometime in September probably September 30th when the ESOP shares should have been put into the Savings Plan.	I am assuming per our previous meeting that whether 4.01 or 4.71 is used; that one of these prices will be used to keep me whole versus a price sometime in September probably September 30th when the ESOP shares should have been put into the Savings Plan.	Please call me at you earliest convenience to resolve this.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Susan Holland 35 Todd Pond Road Lincoln, MA 01773 Susan.Holland MercerMC.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please respond to cantekin mail.utexas.edu			Cantekin Dincerler cantekin mail.utexas.edu on 03/28/2000 11:48:53 AM Please respond to cantekin mail.utexas.edu To: vkamins ect.enron.com cc: bcc: Vince J Kaminski/HOU/ECT Subject: summer internship
Could you please re-send the Ogy invoice for March?			Could you please re-send the Ogy invoice for March?
Please send me the name of the HR person Jeff is supposed to call.	Elizabeth,	Elizabeth,	Please send me the name of the HR person Jeff is supposed to call.
Also, send it to dean.keller ssmb.com and lemkau kristin jpmorgan.com.	here it is ... let s circulate to the usual suspects as well as fax to Ken s home.	here it is ... let s circulate to the usual suspects as well as fax to Ken s home.	Also, send it to dean.keller ssmb.com and lemkau kristin jpmorgan.com.
I look forward to meeting you in February, and please contact me, either	Dear Vince,. It was pleasure talking with you the other day.. The following list consists of some of the items that we spoke about the other day.. - Please let us know how you and Grant would like to be mentioned in the book, ie, position and title - We would appreciate it if someone at Enron would write the preface for the book.. Please let us know if this is OK with you, who it will be, and what you need from us.. - Chris Strickland and I are planning to be in Houston on Feb 15th and 16th, and we would love to meet up with you and others from Enron who you feel are most appropriate, ie, John Ambler I will write to him as well , derivatives traders, your team etc.. - Chris Strickland and Les Clewlow will be conducting the following two energy courses in Houston and in London details below .. Please let us know if we should reserve any places.. Energy Derivatives: Pricing and Risk Management Houston: 29-30 March 2000 London: 3-4 April 2000. VaR for Energy Markets Houston: 31 March 2000 London: 5 April 2000. FYI, John Ambler and I have been playing tag, and have not yet settled on the details of the sponsorship.. However, I anticipate that when he returns from his travels, we should be able to knock through it quickly.	However, I anticipate that when he returns from his travels, we should be able to knock through it quickly.	I look forward to meeting you in February, and please contact me, either via email or my mobile PHONE 77 , if I can provide assistance with anything.
Please reply via REPLY WITH HISTORY.	OK. DF. TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE COMPANY CONTRACT APPROVAL FORM. Please review the attached standard discount letter to Agave Energy Company Agave .. The discount letter provides Agave a .05/Dth/d one-part rate for 10,000 Dth/d of East of Thoreau capacity beginning 3/1/2001.. Alternate receipt and delivery rights have been granted for the East of Thoreau Area only.	Alternate receipt and delivery rights have been granted for the East of Thoreau Area only.	Please reply via REPLY WITH HISTORY.
Please get this to Ben Rogers.			Please get this to Ben Rogers.
Daren - can you get a deal set up for meter 6879 for Sept. 00?			Daren - can you get a deal set up for meter 6879 for Sept. 00?
Please open the attached per Barbara Barkovich and in regards to the above			Please open the attached per Barbara Barkovich and in regards to the above referenced matter.
Can you please forward this request to the appropriate person s  to respond to the request.	Bob, Ben - Richard Ring with the Power desk is needing information on accounts under your management, see email below.	Bob, Ben - Richard Ring with the Power desk is needing information on accounts under your management, see email below.	Can you please forward this request to the appropriate person s to respond to the request.
Please put on Jeff s and my calendar for 30 minutes.			Please put on Jeff s and my calendar for 30 minutes.
Kay:  Please fill in the dates for Column F and let me know if any additional	Ben has asked me to prepare a draft Bill of Sale - Equipment schedule to support the closing of the Intergen transaction.. I have generated the attached spread sheet showing the following information for the two LM6000 turbines and the one ABB transformer:. Unit Description Column A Unit Number Column B Unit Serial Column C Unit Delivery Date Column D Physical location of the units as of the date of schedule 1/5/01 Column E The equipment and all rights provided to Buyer under Agreement dated Column F. I have filled in descriptions for each piece of equipment Column A .. I need help with the following:. Chris: Please fill in Columns B, C, D E with current information from our equipment contracts.. Rebecca: Please obtain the information for Columns A, B, C, D, E, F from Catherine in Global Finance.. This should be the information that was recorded in the TurboPark financing documents when the equipment option agreements were moved into TurboPark from West LB.	This should be the information that was recorded in the TurboPark financing documents when the equipment option agreements were moved into TurboPark from West LB.	Kay: Please fill in the dates for Column F and let me know if any additional information is required to complete this schedule.
provide feedback, please submit their names to me by November 10.	Just a thought - but we will still be finishing up bid week on Nov. 29.. Any ideas about the first week in December.. Mark you calendars for the Gas and Power Trading PRC meetings to be held Wed. November 29 Commercial and Mon.. December 4 Commercial Support You will receive specific information regarding times and locations soon.	December 4 Commercial Support You will receive specific information regarding times and locations soon.	If you would like additional members of your staff to attend the meeting to provide feedback, please submit their names to me by November 10.
Can you help me out on getting them a response today if possible?	Sorry about the delay.. Here are my responses: 1.. Yes, this is primarily a tax issue.. However, there are some countries with strange laws regarding internet usage and we have covered some of those issues with specific PA provisions for those countries.. 2.. No.. Only one user from each counterparty has to accept the GTC and that only the first time they trade that product.. The GTC s are arranged by Product Type so you only have to agree to it once for that type - regardless of how many products there are - so for example you only agree to the financial derivatives GTC once no matter how many different types of swaps and options you subsequently trade.. 3.. No.. But if that would be helpful it can be arranged.. 4.. This one doesn t make much sense to me.. EnronOnline itself doesn t make any money.. There is no advertizing, and EnronOnline doesn t trade - the trades are all done by the various Enron trading entities.. EnronOnline is actually providing them a service.. 5.. I really have no idea.. I guess we would have to print out the records and have one of the IT people testify that they had not been modified.. 6.. So far we haven t deleted anything.. If we need to keep the records for a long time we probably can but this has not been discussed.. Two of the internet attorneys at Marval came over today to look at the system online.. They posed the following questions that I did not know the answer to.	They posed the following questions that I did not know the answer to.	Can you help me out on getting them a response today if possible?
Please send it again.	I never got the email.	I never got the email.	Please send it again.
Please follow the above URL to view and listen to this CERA conference call	Title: Beyond the Crisis: Near-term Global Energy Futures URL s :. http://www.cera.com/eprofile?u 35 m 2804;. In a November 15, 2001, CERA Conference Call and Web Presentation, Julian West, Senior Director; Ann-Louise Hittle, Senior Director; Kevin Lindemer, Senior Director; Tom Robinson, Managing Director; Joe Sannicandro, Director; Simon Blakey, Director, discussed the upcoming Multiclient Study, Beyond the Crisis: Near-Term Global Energy Futures.	In a November 15, 2001, CERA Conference Call and Web Presentation, Julian West, Senior Director; Ann-Louise Hittle, Senior Director; Kevin Lindemer, Senior Director; Tom Robinson, Managing Director; Joe Sannicandro, Director; Simon Blakey, Director, discussed the upcoming Multiclient Study, Beyond the Crisis: Near-Term Global Energy Futures.	Please follow the above URL to view and listen to this CERA conference call playback.
Please call me or Bill with your comments when	Guys: I am faxing to you my comments to the latest draft of the Policy in case I am not in the office tomorrow.	Guys: I am faxing to you my comments to the latest draft of the Policy in case I am not in the office tomorrow.	Please call me or Bill with your comments when convenient so that we can respond to ACE.
Please confirm.	I am locking up all of the hourly leads and having a discussion with them regarding there top performers and contract status this week.. It is becoming increasingly difficult to put non-managers under contract, so that is my challenge for the hourly group.. Having said that, I concur with your suggestions.. I am assuming you are presenting Narsima and Edith there promotion and contract packages.	I am assuming you are presenting Narsima and Edith there promotion and contract packages.	Please confirm.
Take a look at the e-mail below	We are trying to set up energy purchasing arrangements with QFs who get temporarily released from their contracts.	We are trying to set up energy purchasing arrangements with QFs who get temporarily released from their contracts.	Take a look at the e-mail below and see if we can suport them.
Please also provide the contract numbers.	Hi guys,. I suggest a brief meeting to discuss strategy before anything is sent to SW.. Kay. Mitch, no problem here.. Pete/Chris, along with Ross will handle outstanding warranty issues.. Pete,Chris please submit your warranty items to Ross, Ross please work with Gavin to ensure that EE CC s meshes with ours.. Thanks. Tom. Kay -. As part of the contract implementation, we need to authorize the plant managers at Gleason and Wheatland to execute warranty issues with Westinghouse.. I ve taken a first stab.. Please review from a legal perspective and change as necessary.. Note that there are 3 total contracts, two for Gleason and one for Wheatland.. Gavin, please provide contact names and addresses to Kay for the Westinghouse section.	Gavin, please provide contact names and addresses to Kay for the Westinghouse section.	Please also provide the contract numbers.
and send back to me for examination and incorporation.	Joe,. Attached below is a draft of an EGM update and org announcement.. It will be broad in scope and will address many areas.. Please review and provide comments especially on the Japan part.. I went ahead and took a stab at the first cut here and expect you to make all the changes and emphasis you feel is appropriate.. We are a couple of weeks away from discussing every player Morten Erik that is why I left it very broad.	We are a couple of weeks away from discussing every player Morten Erik that is why I left it very broad.	Please take a moment, change and send back to me for examination and incorporation.
To Remove,  Substitute or Add an email address to our list, please send bri	09 Utilities Biweekly Report 09 A news service for energy professionals 09 January 29, 2002 09	09 Utilities Biweekly Report 09 A news service for energy professionals 09 January 29, 2002 09	To Remove, Substitute or Add an email address to our list, please send bri ef message to msid ieee.org 20
Please respond to  info erisk.com			ERisk ERisk email.eRisks.com on 04/05/2001 10:41:53 AM Please respond to info erisk.com To: vkamins ect.enron.com cc: Subject: Risk management portal update
Please take a look at it and confirm it is	Bob -. Here is the BETA for Amerex.	Here is the BETA for Amerex.	Please take a look at it and confirm it is acceptable.
At your convenience, please review the Canadian and United States annexes and	Jeff, thanks for your work on Bob s draft, however, for form management purposes we are going to continue with our previous style which is to include the crossborder annexes.. 1.. Attached below is the ENA/US Annex A, which is the base GTC type of document that we utilize with our confirmations when we do not have an ISDA in place definitions of parties are in the Confirmation .. If ENA contracts with a Canadian party we use the Canadian Annex attachment also attached below to the Confirmation and Annex A.. Where ENA contracts with a foreign counterparty other than Canada, the Canadian Annex may be utilized with additional legal scrubbing concerning the particular jurisdiction.. It is for this reason that I think we should continue the more amplified approach rather than targeting it toward just Canada/US.. 2.. Attached below is the ECC/Canadian Annex A, which is the base GTC type of document that we utilize with our confirmations when we do not have an ISDA in place definitions of parties are in the Confirmation .. If ECC contracts with a US party we use the United States Annex attachment also attached below to the Confirmation and Annex A.. Where ECC contracts with a foreign counterparty other than US, the United States Annex may be utilized with additional legal scrubbing concerning the particular jurisdiction.. It is for this reason that I think we should continue the more amplified approach rather than targeting it toward just Canada/US.	It is for this reason that I think we should continue the more amplified approach rather than targeting it toward just Canada/US.	At your convenience, please review the Canadian and United States annexes and advise of any comments.
Please extend the deal to cover September.	Mary,. You can roll this if you need to.. I usually leave it up to logistics to update the trans usage tickets like this.. D. Daren,. The above deal is a desk to desk for Amoco gas at Katy, which is xported on ENA s agmt on Tejas.	The above deal is a desk to desk for Amoco gas at Katy, which is xported on ENA s agmt on Tejas.	Please extend the deal to cover September.
Please coordinate a response in a	EES team -. Please see attached note and information.	Please see attached note and information.	Please coordinate a response in a timely manner.
Please call me with any comments or questions.	Drew and Rahil,. Attached please find a revised draft of the above-referenced Agreement.	Attached please find a revised draft of the above-referenced Agreement.	Please call me with any comments or questions.
Please, send me your phone numbers.	Jeff,	Jeff,	Please, send me your phone numbers.
Could you conform the NW one to the form?	No biggie, and understandable.. When we sell the equipment we structure it 20 like we did on the CA deal - we sell the special purpose companies that wil l 20 own the equipment at the time of sale.. 20. I will be happy to conform the NW to this form if that is what you want.. I n 20 the form with the paragraph below, I thought i the potential sale of one 20 or more of the Protected Party s power plant development projects and/or on e 20 of more of the special purpose companies which own such projects in states 20 was to be used for particular sites where we have existing land options we 20 are trying to sell, and that when we were trying to sell equipment i.e.. 20 7EA s we would refer to these as gas fired electric generation projects. My mistake.. Kathleen. The form we have has this as the first paragraph, which is different from t he 20 form attached.	The form we have has this as the first paragraph, which is different from t he 20 form attached.	Could you conform the NW one to the form?
Can you please check with Jeff to see what the status is on these changes.	Hi Kate,. I spoke with Jeff Richter this morning and the index sleeve he did on yesterday with EES deal 533084 and Sempra deal 533085 is incorrect in Enpower.. He said he would change the publication code to reflect Dow Jones SP-15 Peak instead of Dow Jones NP-15 Peak on both of these deals.	He said he would change the publication code to reflect Dow Jones SP-15 Peak instead of Dow Jones NP-15 Peak on both of these deals.	Can you please check with Jeff to see what the status is on these changes.
Can you please send	suzanne; chocolate works!. Carol St. Clair EB 38 PHONE Phone PHONE Fax carol.st.clair enron.com. If you don t want the flowers, call me and I ll come get them.. These people are paying tons of money for them and I don t want to see them go to waste.. I m by your house all the time.. I can just stand outside!. Susan Bailey is sending you something from that fancy flower store, I can t think of the name now.. Don t you dare throw that away, I ll rescue it.. Should I have them send chocolate instead?????????. I ll see what I can do if someone else calls.. Remember I ll be out tomorrow at the dentist.. I m glad I can email you so I don t bother you calling.. I ll get your boxes to you this week and you aren t really getting much mail.. Suzanne: Thanks.. Is there a polite way to discourage flowers?. Bill is allergic and we just end up throwing them out after a day or 2.. Cash and diaper donations are always acceptable!!!. just kidding .. We have been getting alot of stuff and I really appreciate it.. Thank you notes were sent to you by mail.. On my mail, just collect it and send it out once a week.	On my mail, just collect it and send it out once a week.	Can you please send those 3 white boxes to me that are in my office at the end of this weeK?
Please meeting you via e-mail.	Cindy double checked.. We are ok for 8:15 on Sunday. Thank you Cindy!. I check with Raveneaux this morning as I was already there.. The Pro Shop said there was no tee time for Horton.. I am sure they just over looked it.. Just in case however, I reserved a 9:45 am on the New Course as a backup.. You may want to double check with the Pro Shop.. Thank you again.	Thank you again.	Please meeting you via e-mail.
Please send ASAP.	Gary: I believe we are having our guaranty executed.. We haven t seen the draft of yours.	We haven t seen the draft of yours.	Please send ASAP.
Go ahead and forward.	Looks good.	Looks good.	Go ahead and forward.
Please check to make sure it is ok.	Tana, Chris amended the payment terms to mirror the APB quarterly payments.	Tana, Chris amended the payment terms to mirror the APB quarterly payments.	Please check to make sure it is ok. then send for signature.
Susan:  Could you please prepare a 2-way C.A.  in connection with a			Susan: Could you please prepare a 2-way C.A.
PLease make go away.	Geoff:. Attached is J.Aron s request and their exposure to Enron.. Rita has not already found a suitable offset as she felt it was most appropriate to get our permission first.	Rita has not already found a suitable offset as she felt it was most appropriate to get our permission first.	PLease make go away.
Next time you vote for me, please copy me on the email.			Next time you vote for me, please copy me on the email.
Since we now feel certain ENA bought this gas on Jan 21st, please path the			Since we now feel certain ENA bought this gas on Jan 21st, please path the supply deal from COH deal 153863 to one of those large CES deal tickets.
Just fill out form and send  2000 in.			Just fill out form and send 2000 in.
Gerald can you please circulate a copy of the article at the next team	In today s Chronicle Business Section there is an article of the breakup on the Wildhorse Partnership between KM and Tom Brown; KM received cash and Colorado assets and Tom Brown received other assets probably the system involving our production since Utah assets went to Tom Brown.	In today s Chronicle Business Section there is an article of the breakup on the Wildhorse Partnership between KM and Tom Brown; KM received cash and Colorado assets and Tom Brown received other assets probably the system involving our production since Utah assets went to Tom Brown.	Gerald can you please circulate a copy of the article at the next team meeting......thanks bng
Can you please have someone just print six copies off.			Dee: Can you please have someone just print six copies off.
Please confirm that it belongs there so that we can finish up the break out	Steve, I know that we specifically included the stabilizer in the Salmon deal.	Steve, I know that we specifically included the stabilizer in the Salmon deal.	Please confirm that it belongs there so that we can finish up the break out contract.
Please take the time now to delete any old or unwanted messages.	This is an automated message from the Haas E-mail server.. This message concerns your Haas UNIX E-mail account/login ID: dasovich.. You are currently over your quota in /var/mail, the area in which your In Box is stored.. Your quota is 25000 KB and you are using 25440 KB.. You have 3.1 weeks until your grace period expires, at which point you will no longer receive any new email until you move or delete enough of your messages from your In Box to go below the quota limit.	You have 3.1 weeks until your grace period expires, at which point you will no longer receive any new email until you move or delete enough of your messages from your In Box to go below the quota limit.	Please take the time now to delete any old or unwanted messages.
ps  Remind me to give you both copies of Tana s utility analysis.	Let s verify that this is an IOU.. The Master should be sent to the attention of Dave Brown and you should advise Cary of when it was sent to the customer.. He may want a copy.	He may want a copy.	ps Remind me to give you both copies of Tana s utility analysis.
Please begin the	The attached worksheet contains a preliminary list of potential customers for the Bandwidth launch on EnronOnline.. This list is currently a work in progress, but I wanted to get it into your hands ASAP.	This list is currently a work in progress, but I wanted to get it into your hands ASAP.	Please begin the process of reviewing this list as well as the complete EnronOnline counterparty list for Bandwidth trading.
Please respond to  nmann erac.com	I had a vegetarian sandwich.	I had a vegetarian sandwich.	Neil Mann nmann erac.com on 04/17/2001 03:57:28 PM Please respond to nmann erac.com To: Kay.Mann enron.com cc:
Please plan to attend the following meeting:			Please plan to attend the following meeting:
Please contact us as	Attached please find a revised First Amendment Agreement which amends Section 2 of the Flow of Funds memo to add a provision directing ECS to pay to ENA the extra 30,488 it was wired by ECHO, and adding a clause to Section 3 a ii to reflect that ECS is to use such extra wired amount to satisfy such obligation.. We trust this accommodates both ECS and ECHO, and hope to move forward with execution tomorrow Wednesday 6/28 .	We trust this accommodates both ECS and ECHO, and hope to move forward with execution tomorrow Wednesday 6/28 .	Please contact us as soon as possible with any further comments and to coordinate execution.
Please forward:  Room Change	Forwarded by Chris Germany/HOU/ECT on 10/24/2000 10:01 AM. Kim, please forward to the traders.. I think the schedulers have this already.	I think the schedulers have this already.	Please forward: Room Change
Lorraine, please forward the attached to Ed Meaders.			Lorraine, please forward the attached to Ed Meaders.
Please print and add to my Fuel Cell book.			Please print and add to my Fuel Cell book.
Can you please direct me to someone to assist us in making an offer to a	Elizabeth,	Elizabeth,	Can you please direct me to someone to assist us in making an offer to a young lady we just interviewed?
Also, please get me your	Stinson,. FYI. Vince. Good afternoon,. I just want to give you a reminder about the one-page questionnaire regarding arrival and departure times for the workshop.. Your responses will make planning a bit easier on this end.	Your responses will make planning a bit easier on this end.	Also, please get me your one-page background statement as soon as possible.
Please confirm that our numbers tie out to this new schedule.			Please confirm that our numbers tie out to this new schedule.
Can you please change that in Sitara.....thanks!	Hey Lizzie,. That deal should have been booked to Nine Energy Services, LLC.	That deal should have been booked to Nine Energy Services, LLC.	Can you please change that in Sitara.....thanks!
Please notify us	Carolyn will send out dial in instructions.. This e-mail is confidential and may well also be legally privileged.. If you have received it in error, you are on notice of its status.	If you have received it in error, you are on notice of its status.	Please notify us immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message from your system.
Mary:  Would you please reassign paralegals to Cross Timbers and Quebecor?	Mary/Cheryl:. Carol has seven 7 master swap agreements to be reassigned.. Cheryl and I will work on these together.. All appear on the legal/credit list.. 1 Cross Timbers Oil Company 2 Camden Property Trust 3 Clorox Company The 4 Montana Power Comopany The 5 Ocean Energy, Inc. 6 Quebecor World USA, Inc. 7 Russel Metals Inc.	1 Cross Timbers Oil Company 2 Camden Property Trust 3 Clorox Company The 4 Montana Power Comopany The 5 Ocean Energy, Inc. 6 Quebecor World USA, Inc. 7 Russel Metals Inc.	Mary: Would you please reassign paralegals to Cross Timbers and Quebecor?
Please, take a look at the book review.	Ravi,	Ravi,	Please, take a look at the book review.
Please deliver them to EB 19C2.	Pat: Out co is 0413, RC is 107043.	Pat: Out co is 0413, RC is 107043.	Please deliver them to EB 19C2.
Please contact Cathy Phillips  X-36898  and let her know if you are	Thank you for the invitation.. Unfortunately Debbie and I will not be able to attend due to previous committments.. I would like to invite you and a guest to join me for the annual Juvenile Diabetes Foundation Gala to be held on May 12, 2001 at the Westin Galleria.. The guest speaker this year will be General Norman Schwarzkof.	The guest speaker this year will be General Norman Schwarzkof.	Please contact Cathy Phillips X-36898 and let her know if you are interested in attending.
Will you bring your jersey so your sub can wear it?			Will you bring your jersey so your sub can wear it?
Could you please try to arrange the meeting for both of us?	Alberto,. If the meeting with the Governor is on for Thursday, lets try to have a meeting with Rafael on Friday.	If the meeting with the Governor is on for Thursday, lets try to have a meeting with Rafael on Friday.	Could you please try to arrange the meeting for both of us?
So, please take care of this	you are long at np, because i did not put a imbalance deal in.. I figured you were going to sell that 10 mws of np length off to a sc on a realtime basis.	I figured you were going to sell that 10 mws of np length off to a sc on a realtime basis.	So, please take care of this
Please provide all comments ASAP.	redlined attached. Attached is the revised version of the protest of SCE s advice letter on the PX credit.	Attached is the revised version of the protest of SCE s advice letter on the PX credit.	Please provide all comments ASAP.
Please reference the order tracking number.	Dear Mr. LARRY CAMPBELL:. Thank you for your order.. You sold 125 shares of BRCD Brocade Communications Sys I Com at 168 9/16.. ORDER DETAILS: The tracking number for this order is: B-300-AAZK-8324 Order entered at: 10:37:47 on 11/30/00 Order processing began at: 10:37:48 Order executed at: 10:37:48 on 11/30/00. You will receive a printed Datek Online confirmation by postal mail, or by electronic delivery if you are subscribed to that service.. Questions regarding this transaction?. Contact our Customer Support department by e-mailing support datek.com.	Contact our Customer Support department by e-mailing support datek.com.	Please reference the order tracking number.
Lorraine, would you please check on this.			Lorraine, would you please check on this.
Please handle this request.			Please handle this request.
When you get an address please email me that so when I finish your quilt	I was thrilled to hear from you today.. I sure miss you and Robin.. Seems strange not to be driving to your house on Thursdays now.. I have a little more free time now so I can quilt and visit with my grandchildren.. Mel is back to work now and maybe things will be getting back to some what of a normal life for us.. The past year and half has been hard on us.. I know we just have to be patient and things will get better.. You just go along with life and then when you or your spouse has health problems it creates a whole new ball game.. I have great faith in the Lord to see us through any thing.. Mel said to say hi too.. he just came up to my office	he just came up to my office	When you get an address please email me that so when I finish your quilt I can mail it to you.
When done the term sheet please ensure a copy is placed there.	Jeff attached is the Cleveland spread sheet that has their long term contracts and the associated surplus.. Please total up all of the surplus energy by month so we can see how much value we can bring to them by selling this surplus hourly for them and run it through your new calculator.. Please work with Don Baughman on both of this deal and Owensboro to get a feel for the market price and scalars for these areas.. Please keep JT Kinser informed as the account manager for now.. We also will need a draft term sheet for them by this Friday.. Please start a term sheet for this deal.. I have created a new directory and placed this spread sheet in it.	I have created a new directory and placed this spread sheet in it.	When done the term sheet please ensure a copy is placed there.
Karen, please call me when you receive this email.			Karen, please call me when you receive this email.
Kathleen, could you please get with Rusty or Fred to see what s up.	Rusty,. You are going to have to refresh my recollection as to this piece of land.	You are going to have to refresh my recollection as to this piece of land.	Kathleen, could you please get with Rusty or Fred to see what s up.
Mary - Please repath these deals and let Megan know when you re done.	On Feb 7, we sold 10,000 to Duke Energy Field Services at Waha.. However, I entered the deal 603484 under Duke Energy Marketing Can you believe I made a mistake?. .. To correct this, I created a new ticket 700132 under DEFS.	To correct this, I created a new ticket 700132 under DEFS.	Mary - Please repath these deals and let Megan know when you re done.
Please give me a	In accordance with my voice mail, here is a revised standstill that incorporates the concept I referred to in my voice mail.	In accordance with my voice mail, here is a revised standstill that incorporates the concept I referred to in my voice mail.	Please give me a call after you ve had a chance to review.
Lou Harrison  insurance guy  will call tomorrow--please schedule an appt. at			Lou Harrison insurance guy will call tomorrow--please schedule an appt.
Can you please send me a brief biographical sketch, one that will be	Dear Jeff,	Dear Jeff,	Can you please send me a brief biographical sketch, one that will be suitable for posting onthe conference website and also for conference introductions by the Moderator of your panel, Professor Howard Shekanski?
Can you live with the gas position reports.	Mike	Mike	Can you live with the gas position reports.
When found, please return them to trading floor reception.	Hi there,. If you could please help me find the Interruptible Purchase/Sale Agreements files for Contour Energy, Keywest Energy Corporation Kick Energy Corporation I would really appreciate it.	If you could please help me find the Interruptible Purchase/Sale Agreements files for Contour Energy, Keywest Energy Corporation Kick Energy Corporation I would really appreciate it.	When found, please return them to trading floor reception.
Please use our form located at:	The Staff Assessment for the Hanford Energy Park Peaker Project is now available on our website.. please go to:. http://www.energy.ca.gov/sitingcases/peakers/hanford/documents/. Bob Aldrich. -- If you would like to unsubscribe from this list.	-- If you would like to unsubscribe from this list.	Please use our form located at:
Could you please take a moment to answer the following questions?	See my answers below.. Please send reply to ME, ASAP.. We need info by Thursday a.m.. Hi Ladies!. As you know, we are planning to roll out Windows 2000 in early May.. This will require upgrading our computer equipment with what is necessary to run Windows 2000, including new CPUs for most of us.. Although I haven t seen Windows 2000 yet, I am told that there are very few changes, the most significant one being that we will be using Lotus Notes for calendar purposes.. Organizer goes away.. We are told that with 1 hour of training everyone should be up to speed!	We are told that with 1 hour of training everyone should be up to speed!	Could you please take a moment to answer the following questions?
ily email list       please send an email to TraderSummaryemail syncrasy.co	20 IMAGE 09. IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE Syncrasy, LLC?	IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE Syncrasy, LLC?	PHONE Off PHONE Fax 909 Texas Avenue Suite 1314 H ouston, TX 77002 www.syncrasy.com Sales: PHONE D evelopment Offices: PHONE Off PHONE Fax 835 Main Avenue Suite 221 Durango, CO 81301 09 09 IMAGE Complimentary version of Trader Summary from Syncrasy, LLC and APB Energy Inc. - If you woul d like to receive this product early in the morning please call Syncr asy at PHONE for more information or send an email to subscrib e TraderSummary syncrasy.com - If you would like to be added to this da ily email list please send an email to TraderSummaryemail syncrasy.co m - If you would like to be removed from this daily email please reply to this email with the words CANCEL or send an email to cancel trad ersummary syncrasy.com Data last updated: Friday, Oct 19, 2001 at 09: 51AM ET Commentary last updated: Friday, Oct 19, 2001 at 09:56AM ET Met eorologist: Andy Weingarten... APB Energy / True Quote Congratulations Andy Weingarten, APB Energy!
Please delete Stuart Zisman and add me to your distribution list.	Allyson,	Allyson,	Please delete Stuart Zisman and add me to your distribution list.
Please send it to me and Lee Johnson tomorrow, if possible.	Gentlemen,. This is now back to being the CA Development I and II deal.. Please change the name.	Please change the name.	Please send it to me and Lee Johnson tomorrow, if possible.
Please send completed document to Paul Sidorenko at psidorenko att.net	Dear Colleagues:. Enlightened Energy Solutions EES is working with the Silicon Valley Manufacturing Group to make the upcoming August 24th Energy Conference a productive and interactive event.. At the conference, EES will present The Enlightened Energy Approach: Energy Reliability at the Lowest Unit Cost, an integrated, comprehensive methodology to assess and maximize supply- and demand-side efficiencies and leverage energy prices.. In advance of the conference, we would like to give you an opportunity to help direct our discussions to better meet your needs.. In the attached document you can identify how critical energy reliability and price are to your company.. When you return this document, EES will work with you in breakout session 8B Creating an Energy Plan for Silicon Valley to tailor a technical, economic, and structural game plan to your company?s business requirements.. All information will be kept strictly confidential.. Please open the attachment and complete the very brief questionnaire.	Please open the attachment and complete the very brief questionnaire.	Please send completed document to Paul Sidorenko at psidorenko att.net
Please, provide this info.	Shirley,	Shirley,	Please, provide this info.
Please approve Susan s expense report, and copy me on your approval.			Please approve Susan s expense report, and copy me on your approval.
Can you help me with 1 and 2?			Can you help me with 1 and 2?
Twanda, please save this in whatever power point directory you have.			Twanda, please save this in whatever power point directory you have.
Please invite Steve Schwarzbach			Please invite Steve Schwarzbach
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Robin Charo 110 Vaughn Court Madison, WI 53705 altacharo hotmail.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Could you copy me on the letter or memo on Enron s position that has been	Scott, Janel:. I am getting questions from commercial folks re: the proposed profit tax.	I am getting questions from commercial folks re: the proposed profit tax.	Could you copy me on the letter or memo on Enron s position that has been prepared?
Please reference the order tracking number.	Dear Mr. LARRY CAMPBELL:. Thank you for your order.. You bought 15 JNPR May 80 Call at 0.250000.. ORDER DETAILS: The tracking number for this order is: N-600-AABF-8103 Order entered at: 14:32:50 on 05/08/01 Order processing began at: 14:32:50 Order executed at: 14:34:41 on 05/08/01. You will receive a printed Datek Online confirmation by postal mail, or by electronic delivery if you are subscribed to that service.. Questions regarding this transaction?. Contact our Customer Support department by e-mailing support datek.com.	Contact our Customer Support department by e-mailing support datek.com.	Please reference the order tracking number.
Bonnie:  Please forward to Michael Kirby.			Bonnie: Please forward to Michael Kirby.
Please submit our typical response to the ISO concerning this forwarded			Please submit our typical response to the ISO concerning this forwarded E-mail.
Please forward comments on this Technical Bulletin, via email,	Dear Market Participant,. Technical Bulletin 80 - Locational Reserve Availability Clearing Prices - is being distributed for Market Participant comment.. The Technical Bulletin will be posted to the NYISO web site following the comment period.. The purpose of our Technical Bulletins is to facilitate participation in the NYISO by communicating various NYISO concepts, techniques, and processes to Market Participants before they can be formally documented in a NYISO manual.. Note: This Technical Bulletin is effective as of September 30, 2001.	Note: This Technical Bulletin is effective as of September 30, 2001.	Please forward comments on this Technical Bulletin, via email, by 5PM on Friday, October 5, 2001 to:
Please respond to Molly.Sumrow enron.com			Molly.Sumrow enron.com on 09/18/2000 12:40:10 PM Please respond to Molly.Sumrow enron.com
Please email a copy to me, Kim Ward, and Russell Diamond.	Debra and Dan -. Attached is a worksheet for a Master Physical with City of Long Beach, California.. Could you please prepare a draft and send to:. Mr. Chris Garner City of Long Beach 2400 E. Spring St. Long Beach, CA 90806	Mr. Chris Garner City of Long Beach 2400 E. Spring St. Long Beach, CA 90806	Please email a copy to me, Kim Ward, and Russell Diamond.
Will you talk to Carol and see if she	Mark: I would suggest we add netting.	Mark: I would suggest we add netting.	Will you talk to Carol and see if she is interested.
Please, check with Shirley.	Iris,	Iris,	Please, check with Shirley.
Please save this email for future use.	Your login information for VerticalNet s eBusiness Training Services:. USERNAME: PHONE PASSWORD: SHIVELYH79154. You can log in to your account by clicking here: LOG IN HERE	You can log in to your account by clicking here: LOG IN HERE	Please save this email for future use.
Please send me a return email to confirm availability and Cathy will add to	Thor,. Thanks for the email.. The timing of it is amazing.. We were talking about this yesterday late afternoon.. Jeff and I will be in London next week to meet everyone and to get a full briefing of activities and everyone s views of their markets.. Cathy Phillips, my assistant, booked us to go to Norway to meet you and hear about all the activities that are going on there.. I hope you are in and can give us a full download on your business and obviously weather.. We made arrangements to go on Thursday and stay Thursday night.. We made these plans in advance of knowing your availability.. Do you have dinner plans on Thursday evening?. We are scheduled to leave on Friday morning to return to Houston.	We are scheduled to leave on Friday morning to return to Houston.	Please send me a return email to confirm availability and Cathy will add to our schedules.
Please send me the areas that you are ensure of and I will look into it.	http://www.access.gpo.gov/nara/cfr/waisidx 00/40cfr81 00.html. Dear Mike,. Please see the link above for documents under 40 CFR PART 81.. I just spoke with Jeff, and he agreed that the best route would be to contact EPA re: areas that you are note sure of their attainment status.	I just spoke with Jeff, and he agreed that the best route would be to contact EPA re: areas that you are note sure of their attainment status.	Please send me the areas that you are ensure of and I will look into it.
Please add Noel Petterson to our distribution list for approvals.	Tana and Tom and Walter,	Tana and Tom and Walter,	Please add Noel Petterson to our distribution list for approvals.
Please, put it on my schedule.			Please, put it on my schedule.
Please give me the most convenient date for this tour and I ll set it up.	Thanks Rick and Larry,. It seems to me that a crucial next step is to receive tentative approval for injection of BTUs into PG E, Mojave and SoCal gas pipelines.. This site is ideal in terms of the required investment needed to implement the strategy.. Additionally, our commercial relationship with Paramount could expedite the necessary agreements.. When is our next status meeting ?. Kevin, any word from Enron about the long term spread between Henry Hub and Cal border ?. Does Enron have a preferred consultant that can give us a long term look ?. This is summarizing the tour of the Mohave facility on that Larry Garrett and I attended yesterday.. The facility has the track, and room to off-load up to 90 rail cars at one time if necessary.. There are three tracks running in parallel, with each track holding 30 cars each.. Currently none of the track is being used.. With this capacity, the need for storage will be minimal if any, but there is more than enough room to build storage if necessary.. As Bob stated, on this property there is two PG E gas lines, Mohave gas line, the 30 El Paso Natural gas line also passes through the site.. The High pressure Socal gas line does not appear to pass through the property but must be in the area somewhere, as the plant purchases gas to operate there heaters from Socal.. If any or all the company s who have lines in the area, PG E, Mohave, El Paso, Socal, are interested in this project, this site is ideal.. Paramount Refining is very receptive as the rail rack is currently not in service.. Who knows how much gas flows through this area?. To give you some idea, this site is located on the 15 highway just south of the town Mohave.. The ROW for the El Paso gas line All American passes through the site and crosses the 15 headed West.. Gang,. Just spoke to a representative from Paramount Refining about setting up a tour to look at their Mojave facility.. They are very receptive and flexible about timing.	They are very receptive and flexible about timing.	Please give me the most convenient date for this tour and I ll set it up.
Please respond to  ncunningham mclarty.com			Nelson W. Cunningham ncunningham mclarty.com on 06/27/2001 01:09:46 PM Please respond to ncunningham mclarty.com To: J. Steven Kean E-mail skean enron.com cc:
Please forward to  Expense Report  for processing.	Kay, please have Jordan forward this in hard copy to your attention.. In don t need to be in the e-mail loop.. Thanks Delainey. Dave/Kay, This expense report has already been approved and returned to us.	Dave/Kay, This expense report has already been approved and returned to us.	Please forward to Expense Report for processing.
Procedures, please call Lance Schuler at extension 3-5419, Mark Haedicke at	Enron Wholesale Services - Office of the Chairman. ?. ?Mark Frevert, Chairman CEO ?????. ?Greg Whalley, President COO ?????. ?Mark Haedicke, Managing Director General Counsel ?. ?Confidential Information and Securities Trading ?. Enron Wholesale Services EWS maintains official Policies and Procedures Regarding Confidential Information and Securities Trading Policies and Procedures , which have been revised as of November 15, 2000 to reflect the new EWS structure.. These policies and procedures are intended to allow us simultaneously to pursue our diverse businesses and to protect confidential information, our reputation for integrity, and EWS and its employees from legal liability.. ?. You are required to become familiar with, and to comply with, the Policies and Procedures.. The newly revised Policies and Procedures are available for your review on LegalOnline, the new intranet website maintained by the Enron Wholesale Services Legal Department.. Please click on the attached link to access LegalOnline: ?. http://legalonline.corp.enron.com/chinesewall.asp ?. You must certify your compliance with the Policies and Procedures within two weeks of your receipt of this message.. The LegalOnline site will allow you to quickly and conveniently certify your compliance on-line with your SAP Personal ID number.	The LegalOnline site will allow you to quickly and conveniently certify your compliance on-line with your SAP Personal ID number.	If you have any questions concerning the Policies or Procedures, please call Lance Schuler at extension 3-5419, Mark Haedicke at extension 3-6544, Alan Aronowitz at extension 3-3214, Bob Bruce at extension 5-7780 or Donna Lowry at extension 3-1939.
If you are ok with this, would you please put together executable copies for us to sign and get to Ormat.	Gerald,	Gerald,	If you are ok with this, would you please put together executable copies for us to sign and get to Ormat.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	MICHAEL PATTON 1826 EDDY STREET SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94115 PATTON AOL.COM. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please RSVP to Judy Cox if you will be attending this meeting.	jcox nyiso.com writes to the NYISO TECH EXCHANGE Discussion List:. In previous email on the above subject the DIAL IN NUMBER FOR THE CONFERENCE CALL WAS OMITTED.. The Dial in Number is: PHONE Participant Code: 492215. The Market Participant meeting to discuss the draft of the Regional DAM Study final report will be held on April 26 10 AM - 3 PM at the New York State Nurse s Association in Albany, NY.. This conference facility is located very near the Albany Airport - directions are provided at this web site.. http://www.nysna.org/confctr.htm. The conference call info is: Participant code: 492215. Both the report and a red-lined version are on the NYISO web site under The Markets and Regional DAM Feasibility Study. http://www.nyiso.com/markets/index.html regdam	http://www.nyiso.com/markets/index.html regdam	Please RSVP to Judy Cox if you will be attending this meeting.
Please look at this ASAP since he needs to be able to see the customer screen.	Torrey/Mark,. Below is the error message Chris gets when logging in to EOL.. If we hit Yes it keeps coming back with the same error.. Sometimes it works though... you figure it out .. If you hit No, the browser session freezes up.. We have done the following:. Uninstalled/Reinstalled Shockwave Reinstalled browser	Uninstalled/Reinstalled Shockwave Reinstalled browser	Please look at this ASAP since he needs to be able to see the customer screen.
7. Please provide lease on property with Industrial Development Board.			Here are the Allegheny questions we just got tonight.
To reserve a seat, please call Stephanie E. Taylor at	eSource presents Dow Jones Interactive training. Attend one of our Topical Dow Jones Interactive Clinics:. Advanced Learn how to be more efficient on Dow Jones Interactive.. Put some power tools to work for you.. Learn how to employ codes, use search history, and customize.. Hands on time is provided.. May.. 31 10:30 - 12:00 NOON EB564. Seats fill up fast!	Seats fill up fast!	To reserve a seat, please call Stephanie E. Taylor at 5-7928 The cost is 25.00 Per Person No Shows will be charged 50.00 Please bring your Dow Jones Interactive login ID and password.
Please provide comments to the project director Amy Jaffe or the task force	ALL. Attached is the initial draft of the Strategic Energy TF Report.. This report is for your review and comment at the meeting on 10 Jan 01.. The meeting is scheduled from 6:00 pm to 9:00 pm in NYC and 5:00 pm to 8:00 pm in Houston.. We expect 32 participants.	We expect 32 participants.	Please provide comments to the project director Amy Jaffe or the task force chair Ed Morse.
Also, please give copies of the signed letter to Ed Clark, Bill Williams  the	Hi Kate,. Can you please print the attached cover letter for overnight shipment to Bob Booth on ENA letterhead?	Can you please print the attached cover letter for overnight shipment to Bob Booth on ENA letterhead?	Also, please give copies of the signed letter to Ed Clark, Bill Williams the Dad , Don Hammond and Jody Blackburn.
Please review and let me know if this is what you had in	I revised the supp-vendor sheet and have transferred the totals to the summary sheet.	I revised the supp-vendor sheet and have transferred the totals to the summary sheet.	Please review and let me know if this is what you had in mind.
Can you find out when a	Dale,. Ed Gottlob would like to set up a meeting with all of the necessary counterparties in order to discuss this product.	Ed Gottlob would like to set up a meeting with all of the necessary counterparties in order to discuss this product.	Can you find out when a good time would be?
David, please forward to the appropriate person.			David, please forward to the appropriate person.
Can you give Jeff a call at the office today when you have	Greetings, Mark.	Greetings, Mark.	Can you give Jeff a call at the office today when you have a minute?
I need you to do a couple of things before I send this email out to the users.	Dorothy,. I have received the Org Chart and the User List for your business unit.. Please review and verify the user list below.. The attached document describes the workstation inventory phase of the GEM process	The attached document describes the workstation inventory phase of the GEM process	I need you to do a couple of things before I send this email out to the users.
Please put 10,000 for the month on both deals for July.	East Ohio I created deal 348393 sale to EES .. This deal should get matched with the purchase from Power Gas Marketing, deal 264613 for July and August.. The deal volume is 10,000 for the month.. We have the Power Gas deal thru October.. We still need to sell Sep and Oct to someone.. I noticed the volume for July in Power Gas Marketing is 0, so I entered an expected volume of 0 on the EES deal.. I didn t want to mess anything up so close to nom time.	I didn t want to mess anything up so close to nom time.	Please put 10,000 for the month on both deals for July.
Please have each member complete the form and fax them to me at	This e-mail confirms the site visits by your company at Pastoria.. The relevant information is as follows:. Tejon Ranch Access Permits. Attached is a document Tejon Ranch will require to be executed by each person from your due diligence team as a condition to entering the Project Site.	Attached is a document Tejon Ranch will require to be executed by each person from your due diligence team as a condition to entering the Project Site.	Please have each member complete the form and fax them to me at PHONE .
call when you have some time to discuss it.	Sara,. We still need to get this letter agreement done for Hawaii.	We still need to get this letter agreement done for Hawaii.	Please give me a call when you have some time to discuss it.
Ross, please review this answer.			Ross, please review this answer.
Please review again and forward back to me with correct names, addresses and			Please review again and forward back to me with correct names, addresses and phone numbers.
review, please give me a call to discuss.	Vangie,. Attached is a draft of our Master Agreement for your review.	Attached is a draft of our Master Agreement for your review.	Upon your review, please give me a call to discuss.
Please read the below information that	10,000 should be allocated to Adonis 51862 on the 5th only.. Nothing should be allocated or confirmed for Adonis on the 16th.. Additionally, it looks like 5000 was confirmed as a receipt from Mitchell Track ID 3167 on the 16th.. This should be -0- also.. By taking the conf/allocation for Adonis Track ID 6155 and Mitchell Track ID 3167 to zero on the 16th, the meter balance remains the same and the bridge errors will be cleared.. D. Karen/Sherlyn,. Gary has placed this in Daren s lap.	Gary has placed this in Daren s lap.	Please read the below information that was requested of me from Daren.
Can you please ch cp name to Coral Power, LLC instead of Coral Energy Canada,	AMEREX	AMEREX	Trader: Diana Scholtes deal 491591 Can you please ch cp name to Coral Power, LLC instead of Coral Energy Canada, Inc.,
Please change the gas assumption to NYMEX    .	Harry and Steve,. Couple of updates on the TVA tolls:	Couple of updates on the TVA tolls:	Please change the gas assumption to NYMEX .
Michael has put a priority on this, so please expedite.	Please prepare a draft ISDA for Allied Waste Industries, Inc. in accordance with the attached ISDA Swap Agreement Information Sheet.. Pleave provide a draft to Michael Moulton and carbon me.. Thanks.	Thanks.	Michael has put a priority on this, so please expedite.
IMPORTANT: Katherine, please call Darcy in Mayor Brown s office	Below is the information for tomorrow s meeting w/Mayor Brown; note that the Mayor has allotted 45 minutes for this meeting.. Jeff, Steve and Lisa will meet in Jeff s office EB5007 at 8:15 a.m. to prepare and will walk over to City Hall for the 9:00 a.m. meeting.	Jeff, Steve and Lisa will meet in Jeff s office EB5007 at 8:15 a.m. to prepare and will walk over to City Hall for the 9:00 a.m. meeting.	IMPORTANT: Katherine, please call Darcy in Mayor Brown s office PHONE to let her know when Jeff, Steve and Lisa leave City Hall.
Please include it with the index survey that we will begin distributing tonight.	Michelle: I received this confidentiality language from the legal department.	Michelle: I received this confidentiality language from the legal department.	Please include it with the index survey that we will begin distributing tonight.
Please take a look.	Michelle,. Our dba has loaded TW base differential to test database from revenue management data base after Vernon added TW to his regular update.. The spreadsheet is the latest NYMEX and base differential for 4 areas of TW as of 11/28/00.	The spreadsheet is the latest NYMEX and base differential for 4 areas of TW as of 11/28/00.	Please take a look.
Please respond to http://texasmba.bus.utexas.edu/admissions/AdmissionVisits/			Please respond to http://texasmba.bus.utexas.edu/admissions/AdmissionVisits/
Please do me and Bob Fisher in the Transport Settlements group a huge	Hi Guys,	Hi Guys,	Please do me and Bob Fisher in the Transport Settlements group a huge favor......Please let us know when the TXU/Lonestar transport deals for Tenaska IV Texas Partners have been entered into Path Manager for September 2000 .
Gerald, please call me ASAP so we can resolve this and receive payment.	Entex is several days overdue on their Nov01 invoice payment to Enron.. I confirmed that the payment has not been received as of COB yesterday 1/23/02 .. I spoke with the commercial contact, Royal Edmondson PHONE this morning.. He was aware that they have not paid and eluded to the fact that Enron has not paid Tennessee s Nov01 transportation and storage invoice, which we are agent for Entex.. I also spoke with Ken Armstrong PHONE who proposed that Entex would pay Enron the commodity portion of the invoice and pay the transportation charges directly to Tennessee.. I asked him to let me clear that with our attorney so that we didn t do anything to void the agency status.. Ken also said he would consider paying us our full invoice amount if he was convinced that their transportation invoice was paid.	Ken also said he would consider paying us our full invoice amount if he was convinced that their transportation invoice was paid.	Gerald, please call me ASAP so we can resolve this and receive payment.
Please mark your calendar for EGS floor meetings.			Please mark your calendar for EGS floor meetings.
Will you send me a worksheet?	I don t have copies of anything.. Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron Broadband Services Phone: PHONE Fax: PHONE Marie Heard Enron.net. Can t you just make changes to the one we did for ENA?. Tanya,	Tanya,	Will you send me a worksheet?
Please contact Sherri Sera	STEVE KEAN. Conf call: AT T lines have been reserved.	Conf call: AT T lines have been reserved.	Please contact Sherri Sera 713/ PHONE or Bill Dorsey 713/ PHONE for the weekly dial-in number and passcode.
Please send as soon as	Bob: I left you a voice mail last week about a lunch that legal would like to present next month for both groups above .. We need a list of settlements persons who should be invited.. The purpose of the meeting is to provide an overview of the legal documentation process, including explanations of our documents, and encourage dialogue among the groups.	The purpose of the meeting is to provide an overview of the legal documentation process, including explanations of our documents, and encourage dialogue among the groups.	Please send as soon as possible.
Please use Donnie Vinson as your contact for	FYI:. I am no longer part of the Power group - I m was just checking on the progress of outstanding issues.	I am no longer part of the Power group - I m was just checking on the progress of outstanding issues.	Please use Donnie Vinson as your contact for future correspondence related to this issue.
Please put this on my calander for Wed  5/3  at 3:30 in 30C1.			Please put this on my calander for Wed 5/3 at 3:30 in 30C1.
Please reallocate mtr 1517 with these	Sherlyn,. The base purchase should be brokered with the base sale.. Deal 135563 does not replace the basse purchase ticket, it is in addition to that one.. On the days where deal 135563 is applicable, the purchases and sale should balance out; no flow.. D. Daren,. Is this a buy/sell?. If not what transport contract do I use?. I also see a deal 135563 purchasing from Phillips.. This new deal is not to replace that one is it?. I just noticed it was for 6000/day.. Thanks.. At Sweeney Mtr 1517 , for December, 6,000/day was confirmed to the Phillips sale.. Acutally, we should have nominated a purchase of 4,000 and a sale of 10,000.. The original purchase deal had the incorrect year on the deal date.. So, I have created deal 148851.	So, I have created deal 148851.	Please reallocate mtr 1517 with these changes; sale of 10,000 on deal 93804, purchase of 4,000 on 148851.
Please revised the signature page for escrow instruction to reflect Chris	Carolyn,	Carolyn,	Please revised the signature page for escrow instruction to reflect Chris Calger as a signatory.
In your e-mail, please indicate the number of seats you would be interested in purchasing and the price category.	Enron has made initial payments toward the purchase of Personal Seat Licenses PSLs for Houston Texans Football, and has the right to purchase the associated season tickets.. Enron is no longer interested in these season tickets and is working to secure the best economic result for the estate.. This may involve stopping any further payments, however if there is significant interest among employees in buying the season tickets from Enron, the company may pursue a resale arrangement as one means of recovering the investment it has already made.. If you re interested in purchasing any of Enron s PSLs and season tickets for the Texans, please respond by 4PM, Central Time on Wednesday, June 12 via e-mail to Elizabeth Linnell.	If you re interested in purchasing any of Enron s PSLs and season tickets for the Texans, please respond by 4PM, Central Time on Wednesday, June 12 via e-mail to Elizabeth Linnell.	In your e-mail, please indicate the number of seats you would be interested in purchasing and the price category.
Please call me when you have recieved this so that we can get it signed up	Jeff, I apoligize for pestering you again about this, but we found a typo and misc.. exhibit numbering error in your declaration.. Please treat the attached version as the final for signature.. Thanks.	Thanks.	Please call me when you have recieved this so that we can get it signed up and prepared to file.
Please prepare an ENFOLIO draft per the attached.	Debra -	Debra -	Please prepare an ENFOLIO draft per the attached.
Please confirm your participation as soon as possible, preferably by the end	Dear Mr. Lay,. I am contacting you regarding Enron Energy Services possible speaking participation as a at this exciting new event.. Telecom Energy: Strategies to Reduce Power Consumption, Cut Operating Cost and Improve System Performance will be held November 8-9, 2001 in Atlanta, Georgia at the Hyatt Regency Hotel.. Below is the suggested session that in which Enron could participate as a speaker.. We would like to confirm you on this session, or if you see a different session which is not listed here on the program let us know which one you are interested in.. Please review the following:. Day one, Thursday, November 8, 2001 12:30 - 1:00 p.m Implications of Telecom Growth for the Electric Power Industry: The intent of this session is to utilize the data and experience from the last session Power Consumption: Service Provider s Perspective , and place it in a national going-forward analysis of a 3- year and 5-year prediction.. Power Providers in the audience will understand what service provider growth issues will mean for power production and transmission.. What are the hot growth areas, geographically and demographically?. I have attached a copy of the conference agenda for you to review.. Feel free to email any suggestions as well.. For additional information please check out our conference website at www.shorecliffcommunications.com/tenergy	For additional information please check out our conference website at www.shorecliffcommunications.com/tenergy	Please confirm your participation as soon as possible, preferably by the end of this week or the beginning of next week, as speaking positions will fill quickly.
Please make this right.			Please make this right.
Please, take a look at this article:			Please, take a look at this article:
Send your entries by email to sarah.palmer enron.com, by fax to 713-853-679	We re getting so many great stories that we ve extended the deadline for yo ur 20 Enron Business Extreme Enron entries to Wednesday, March 28!. Have no idea 20 what we re talking about?. Read on 01 Enron employees are famous for taking risks.. Is this an ingrained 20 characteristic?. Are we natural-born adrenaline junkies?. We think so, but we 20 want to find out from you.. If your idea of a good vacation is training for the Eco-Challenge, driving 20 monster trucks or assisting archeological digs in Siberia, tell us all abou t 20 it.. If you know of an employee who has an unusual pastime like missionary 20 work in the Congo, chasing tornadoes or filming sharks, we want to know.	If you know of an employee who has an unusual pastime like missionary 20 work in the Congo, chasing tornadoes or filming sharks, we want to know.	Send your entries by email to sarah.palmer enron.com, by fax to 713-853-679 0 20 or by mail to Sarah Palmer, Enron Public Relations, EB4703D, Houston, Texas 20 77002.
Please CC Stacey neuweiler and Ami Chokshi on any wellhead changes.			Please CC Stacey neuweiler and Ami Chokshi on any wellhead changes.
Please call me when convenient to discuss further.	John: I was reviewing an amendment that Susan bailey was working on concerning the ISDA Master between ECC and Petro Canada and wanted to make sure that you were comfortable leaving as is the following provisions that are in the Schedules:. 1.. They have amended the definition of Specified Indebtedness.. I m not sure I understand why if we have a threshold amount they need the first part of the language and wanted your thoughts on this.. Alos, does the second part of the language need to be updated or revised in any manner?. 2.. They have deleted the concept of Credit event Upon Merger.. 3.. They have added to Specified Transaction a Physical Master Agreement which makes this part of the cross default to specified transaction Event of Default trigger.. Should we specify a threshold?. 4.. They have added an additional termination event that contains some unusual ratings triggers.. For example, are we rated by the 2 bond rating services that they describe, and if not, doesn t that trigger clause 2 of this additional Termination Event?. I don; t think the cure language works and I don t understand how it works with the collateral threshold since the trigger for that to go to zero is something else.. 5.. I ll just note that setoff rights do not currently apply if there is a Termination Event that is caused by Tax Event or Tax Event Upon Merger.. 6.. In the CSA, we have permitted cash and government securities which I think is problematic given our general rule in Canada that we only take LC s.. 7.. There is a Minimum Transfer Amount of 500,000.	There is a Minimum Transfer Amount of 500,000.	Please call me when convenient to discuss further.
Can you address this right	Philippe, this has been going on for a while.	Philippe, this has been going on for a while.	Can you address this right away?
Please review and attache the document and return for signature.	Jeff, attached is Georges review for tomorrow.. Please review thoroghly, add and make changes and be sure to check for errors.. There is no spell check on the PEP system.	There is no spell check on the PEP system.	Please review and attache the document and return for signature.
Please return the completed and signed documents via fax to:	As discussed please take a look at the agreement.. Roy Ibasco will be following up with you after you speak to Harry.. Please call me if you have any questions at PHONE .. Regards,. Pushkar Shahi. Forwarded by Pushkar Shahi/HOU/ECT on 04/13/2000 01:11 PM. The Goldman Sachs Client Access Agreement the Agreement and/or Schedule A -- Electronic Trading Services Schedule A are attached for your review and signature.. The Agreement and Schedule A are required for each legal entity whose trading personnel are enabled to access Goldman Sachs electronic trading systems.. The documents must be signed by an authorized signatory of the legal entity ies on whose behalf each enabled person is authorized to trade.. The list of persons within your organizaton that have been enabled to access Goldman Sachs electronic trading systems and their associated legal entity ies are listed below.. If the Legal Entity name is incorrect, please indicate the appropriate name for purposes of this Agreement and Schedule A.. Enabled users Legal Entity. .... Please complete, date and sign both the Agreement and Schedule A separately.. Please pay special attention to the following points:. At the top of the document -- Client: Fill in the legal name and the address of the entity that will execute both the Agreement and Schedule A.. If the document is intended to cover more than one entity, please list in a separate annex each entity that the document covers.. Next to the line Attn: Fill in the name and title of the authorized person that is signing the document on behalf of the legal entity.	Next to the line Attn: Fill in the name and title of the authorized person that is signing the document on behalf of the legal entity.	Please return the completed and signed documents via fax to:
Please make sure that Vince has the new location on his calendar - I think			Please make sure that Vince has the new location on his calendar - I think Shirley is out of the office
Could you please pick her up and entertain her that weekend, I will be too			Could you please pick her up and entertain her that weekend, I will be too busy.
Please review this proposal and let me know by Friday if we need to make	FYI: more O M gymnastics, but so far no impact on law.. DF. In order to reduce net O M by 7.9MM on NNG and 3.8MM on TW, I propose the following additions to overhead.. Per Rod, we will leave Gross O M where it is and increase the overhead allocations.. These dollars will be added to the Capital Budget via an increased overhead rate.. Once finalized, I will calculate the new overhead rate and send it to you so we can add these dollars to the construction projects.	Once finalized, I will calculate the new overhead rate and send it to you so we can add these dollars to the construction projects.	Please review this proposal and let me know by Friday if we need to make adjustments.
If you cannot attend these events, please forward this message to others in	Dear Power Industry Professional:. Electric Utility Consultants, Inc. is organizing three major conferences , 1 Condition Assessment of Power T D Systems , 2 Distributed Generation , and 3 Congestion Management. This note is to inform you that this is the last week to receive discounted early registration for the Condition Assessment of Power T D Systems Conference.. to be held Dec. 5-8, 2000 at the Westin Hotel, Denver, Colorado.. The brochures for the three conferences are attached herewith for your use.. Please call us at PHONE if you would like to register for these conferences or fax the registration form at PHONE .. You may also register online at www.euci.com.. If you would to review proceedings of our previously held conferences, please visit our website at www.euci.com.	If you would to review proceedings of our previously held conferences, please visit our website at www.euci.com.	If you cannot attend these events, please forward this message to others in your organization who might benefit from attending.
Please let him know I ll try to call her on Thur. PM.  thanks.			Please let him know I ll try to call her on Thur.
Can you help us out?	Tana, Stacy suggested I send you this note.	Tana, Stacy suggested I send you this note.	Can you help us out?
Please add Ainsley Gaddis to your EES mailing list.			Please add Ainsley Gaddis to your EES mailing list.
Can you ask the Project Leaders on the key projects for a timeline  comments due date, etc.  of their activities?			Sarah Christi --
Alternatively, if it is not possible to e-mail them, please fax them to me	Tana. I do not seem to have received the documentation referred to in my e-mail below.. I should be grateful if you would e-mail the execution versions both to me and Michael Khajeh-Noori so that we can mirror the documentation for the purposes of negotiating a new ISDA with Kellogg s UK entity.	I should be grateful if you would e-mail the execution versions both to me and Michael Khajeh-Noori so that we can mirror the documentation for the purposes of negotiating a new ISDA with Kellogg s UK entity.	Alternatively, if it is not possible to e-mail them, please fax them to me 44 PHONE .
GE on Exhibit  U , send it to me and I will be glad to review it.	Eric-. I revised the contract you sent me to make it site specific.. Those changes are redlined.. Please note that I have reinserted sections 10.4.1 and 10.4.3 as well as the defined terms that go with them.. These were related to exhaust temperature and energy.. I know this is a simple cycle plant and they typically aren t required, but I wanted to see if GE would guarantee it anyway.. It maybe helpful in the future if Austin Energy goes combined cycle.. If for some reason GE s lawyers specifically want to leave that out, then they will probably also want to delete sections 10.4.2 and 10.4.4 and their defined terms since those also talk about specific exhaust guarantees.. Let me know what they decide.. Exhibit A site basis conditions which I also revised was not attached to your file.. It s right behind the sign-off pages in my hard copy.. I therefor hand marked up a copy and scanned it.. It is now attached as a separate word file.. Exhibit F is boiler plate and shouldn t change.. Exhibit U is not in my hard copy.	Exhibit U is not in my hard copy.	My copy only goes up to Exhibit T. If you get something from GE on Exhibit U , send it to me and I will be glad to review it.
Per my vague voice mail, please open the attached document  Terms of Business  and look at page 12, Paragraph 20  Jurisdiction .			Per my vague voice mail, please open the attached document Terms of Business and look at page 12, Paragraph 20 Jurisdiction .
Please coodinate the execution of a confirm and Deal Ticket.	Per Gas Accounting, before an invoice can be generated in Unify to move ENA s working gas balance to HPLC, Enron needs to execute a confirm and a deal ticket under the existing Master Purchase/Sale agreement between ENA and HPLC.. This will need to be done in order to consolidate the inventory within HPLC for the sale of the working gas to AEP at close.. Otherwise sales will need to be executed at close from both ENA and HPLC.. This won t be feasable since HPLC currently has a negative working gas balance of 18 BCF and ENA has a positive balance of 20 BCF.. ENA has not had any storage activity at Bammel over the last year i.e.. since the Texas Desk started doing business as HPLC however withdrawls by HPLC have taken place of gas originally injected by ENA.. All of this gas has been injected and withdrawn as Texas Desk gas but by two different legal entities.. Jim Pond Please provide the exact Bammel working gas volumes for ENA to the Texas Desk David Baumbach that should be moved to HPLC	Jim Pond Please provide the exact Bammel working gas volumes for ENA to the Texas Desk David Baumbach that should be moved to HPLC	David Please coodinate the execution of a confirm and Deal Ticket.
Please reserve a conference	Pre-Bid meeting will be held 2/22 3:30 pm.	Pre-Bid meeting will be held 2/22 3:30 pm.	Please reserve a conference room for about 20 people.
Please respond to  Southwest Airlines			Southwest Airlines special-offers-help mail.southwest.com 07/04/2000 12:33 AM Please respond to Southwest Airlines To: Special Offers special-offers1 mail.southwest.com cc: bcc: Sara Shackleton/HOU/ECT Subject: Click n Save Internet Specials July 4, 2000
Please review message below and advise.			Please review message below and advise.
To start the unit call PGE at the control room number and give them an hour to get the unit online before you sell.	Real Time Traders,. Morrow Power wants to take their unit to the market to get some run time before they begin selling Firm energy.. So I d like the Real Time group to sell the unit at the best price in the hourly market.. I ve already bought gas for Friday and Saturday operations.. I expect Sunday to be weak to not run the unit on Sunday.. I would expect to be back in the market on Monday.. To sell the unit buy a BPA wheel using the accounts on the scheduling sheet.. The variable price at the bottom is actual breakeven price.	The variable price at the bottom is actual breakeven price.	To start the unit call PGE at the control room number and give them an hour to get the unit online before you sell.
Please contact Kate with further inquiries.	Sharen,. This price is 29.9 for 287238, The corresponding deal is 287289 and that price has been changed to 29.95 to reflect the .05 cents we are charging EES to do this exchange.. As for 487052, I have down here on my list that 487050 is the corresponding deal.. I gave the list we had to Kate Symes, It seems that Bob had decreased a few of the buy prices by .05 cents and increased the sell side to the original deal price to collect the .05 cent for epmi.	I gave the list we had to Kate Symes, It seems that Bob had decreased a few of the buy prices by .05 cents and increased the sell side to the original deal price to collect the .05 cent for epmi.	Please contact Kate with further inquiries.
Hey, call me on this kid.			Hey, call me on this kid.
Please respond to  epao mba2002.hbs.edu	me thinks you missed a 9	me thinks you missed a 9	Eva Pao epao mba2002.hbs.edu on 05/13/2001 02:58:28 PM Please respond to epao mba2002.hbs.edu To: John.Arnold enron.com cc: Subject: RE: Extra credit
Could you please fed ex our mail to us on this Tuesday	Keith,	Keith,	Could you please fed ex our mail to us on this Tuesday and include Monday s mail for 2nd day delivery.
Please call me  x54008  for any question.			Please call me x54008 for any question.
Please follow up with the following counterparties to see if we can get the			Susan: Please follow up with the following counterparties to see if we can get the Agreements executed:
Please advise whether a credit reserve was taken on this deal.	Trena, No P L impact on unwinding deals, swap and hedge are Back to back Do we have a contact to book the trades on the EDF side when appropriate?	Trena, No P L impact on unwinding deals, swap and hedge are Back to back Do we have a contact to book the trades on the EDF side when appropriate?	Sara Sara, Laurel will request copies of the original confirmations for the swap and hedge and forwad to you Need to coordinate day of unwind on ENA and rebooking by EDF based upon Legal reassignment Rod Please advise whether a credit reserve was taken on this deal.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Margaret Weeks W.115th New York, NY mw696 columbia.edu. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Nevertheless this is a business decision, therefore please talk to the trader	In response to your e-mail of 4/12 regarding Hall Energy, do NOT cancel the GTC s without discussing same with the trader or business person for the midwest.. The original agreement Hall PHONE contains very specific pricing from that well for long term use.. I suspect the GTS were put into place for alternative pricing or business reasons.	I suspect the GTS were put into place for alternative pricing or business reasons.	Nevertheless this is a business decision, therefore please talk to the trader and business person regarding this issue prior to termination of the GTCs.
Can you make sure that the Toronto Office is not blowing their minds on	Rob	Rob	Can you make sure that the Toronto Office is not blowing their minds on costs.
To subscribe to the list by e-mail, send a blank e-mail to	Do you have the skills you need to get a good job?. If you want to secure your future, you need training.. http://links.quinstreet.com/adclick?area fensuihagunduo. The Word of the Day for October 19 is:. jitney JIT-nee noun : a small bus that serves a regular route on a flexible schedule. Example sentence: Guests at the hotel could ride from its parking lot to the beach in a battered jitney that seated 15 comfortably, but that held 20 or more on most trips.. Did you know?. Jitneys weren t worth a dime -- just a nickel.. In the early 1900s, jitney was slang for nickel, but it wasn t long before the term was applied to a new mode of public transportation that only cost a nickel.. When they were introduced in American cities at the beginning of the century, vehicular jitneys could be any automobiles that carried passengers over a set route for a cheap fare, but eventually the term was applied specifically to small buses that charged a nickel for a ride.. Brought to you by Merriam-Webster, Inc. http://www.Merriam-Webster.com. Discover the meanings you ve been missing!. Click here for your guide to over 900 allusions.. http://www.merriam-webster.com/book/writref/allusion.htm. Visit http://www.Merriam-Webster.com/service/subinst.htm to subscribe to or unsubscribe from the Word of the Day mailing list.	Visit http://www.Merriam-Webster.com/service/subinst.htm to subscribe to or unsubscribe from the Word of the Day mailing list.	To subscribe to the list by e-mail, send a blank e-mail to mw-wod-subscribe-request listserv.webster.m-w.com.
copy, use or disclose this communication to others; also please notify the	You got mail from Norm!. This message and any attachments are intended for the individual or entity named above.	This message and any attachments are intended for the individual or entity named above.	If you are not the intended recipient, please do not read, copy, use or disclose this communication to others; also please notify the sender by replying to this message, and then delete it from your system.
Please, make sure that the prices are quoted in the same units our positions	Hi Kirstee,. Thanks again for all your work on MG. One think to double check is units.	Thanks again for all your work on MG. One think to double check is units.	Please, make sure that the prices are quoted in the same units our positions come in.
Please remove her from all	Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.	Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.	Please remove her from all your mail lists.
Please, set up an interview in cooperation with Shirley Crenshaw,	Johnny. Thanks.	Thanks.	Please, set up an interview in cooperation with Shirley Crenshaw, my assistant, PHONE .
Please order a mic and speakers for my computer	Ina,	Ina,	Please order a mic and speakers for my computer
Could you look into this and talk to the traders.	It sounds premature at this time for ISDA to put on an energy seminar in Japan.. Do you agree?. Mark. Enron Japan is also planning an energy conference in April / May of next year to promote our energy business here in Japan.. The arrangements are still very much at the preliminary stage so are confidential which is why I did not copy this email to the ISDA person.. As you would suspect we are still some way off being able to use ISDA documentation for any of our energy transactions, which are tending to be physical transactions.. Jane. Jane:. ISDA is planning an energy seminar in Tokyo in mid-May.. We have heard there may be an energy seminar in March or April in Tokyo.. Have you heard of the earlier seminar?. We are trying to decide whether it makes sense to go forward on the May seminar.	We are trying to decide whether it makes sense to go forward on the May seminar.	Could you look into this and talk to the traders.
Kay, please ensure that her expense statements are signed by me.			Kay, please ensure that her expense statements are signed by me.
Please respond to just me.	what do you think of this?	what do you think of this?	Please respond to just me.
Please add these Power Trader s  to the following Desks: Paul Choi, Greg Wolfe	Hello Kate,. I ve added Paul Choi to the EnPower System, however, in order for a Trader or Mid-Marketer to have access to a Power Desk, he must be added to the specific desk by the GCP Team.. Please supply a specific list of desks in which Paul Choi needs access.. Example Request s :	Example Request s :	Please add these Power Trader s to the following Desks: Paul Choi, Greg Wolfe
2.  Then please prepare the Authorized Traders list.			-Origin: SHACKLETON-S X-FileName: sshackle.nsf
Could you please talk to	Kate, I think these trades are suppose to be FPL Energy Power Marketing in Enpower.. Currently they are in as Florida Power Light.. I received confirmations from FPL Energy Power Marketing.	I received confirmations from FPL Energy Power Marketing.	Could you please talk to Mallory about the counterparty name.
Give me a call and lets discuss.	Larry- Two files are attached.. The first file includes a project scope and cost estimate for 2001.. The second file contains two photos of the SVE system that was recently started-up.. The cost estimate is 130,000.. This figure includes only contract installation dollars, so the work order amount would be about 20-30 more than this.. The bulk of this figure 75,000 is for installation of 14 additional remediation wells.. I think we should keep-up an aggressive schedule with this site due to the close proximity of the Crane County water wells.	I think we should keep-up an aggressive schedule with this site due to the close proximity of the Crane County water wells.	Give me a call and lets discuss.
Please send this revised product to Mark for his	Melba:. This product type is fine.	This product type is fine.	Please send this revised product to Mark for his approval.
Please sell for the best price possible.	Real-Timers,. Well, Harbor Cogen needs to run once again on Friday, 8/3, HE7-18, 80mw, SP15, HRBGN 7 UNITS, for testing.	Well, Harbor Cogen needs to run once again on Friday, 8/3, HE7-18, 80mw, SP15, HRBGN 7 UNITS, for testing.	Please sell for the best price possible.
Per Kevin Moore, please approve Elena Chilkina s access for the following			Per Kevin Moore, please approve Elena Chilkina s access for the following restricted website: Web Research Pub.
Let s add Bob Mustard to the list.			Let s add Bob Mustard to the list.
Please notify us	This e-mail is confidential and may well also be legally privileged.. If you have received it in error, you are on notice of its status.	If you have received it in error, you are on notice of its status.	Please notify us immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message from your system.
Please FEDEX two original two each counterparty to the address listed in the contract.	Keegan, Please print out 6 executables of the following:. And 8 executables of the following:	And 8 executables of the following:	Please FEDEX two original two each counterparty to the address listed in the contract.
Give me a ring tomorrow  tuesday  morn when you get a second.			Hi Chris, Give me a ring tomorrow tuesday morn when you get a second.
attend please advise via email or call me at ext 5-3878.			The above has been requested to attend a Producer Pricing meeting on Oct. 30th at 2:00 p.m. to 3:00 p.m. EB3533, if for any reason you re unable to attend please advise via email or call me at ext 5-3878.
Can you email me the blacklines just in case?	I appreciate the heads up - I ll try to chase down the fax it hasn t been delivered yet .	I appreciate the heads up - I ll try to chase down the fax it hasn t been delivered yet .	Can you email me the blacklines just in case?
Can you help looking into its origin?	Hi Kate,. This deal needs to be researched.	This deal needs to be researched.	Can you help looking into its origin?
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Antoinette LeCouteur 922 Valencia St. D San Francisco, CA 94110 antoinetteml yahoo.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please check and I will make note and send to Powerex.	Since it is a sleeve with EES, I receive all there daily spreadsheets, I will check there and see what date it is under.. We ll hold up and I will let you know.. Thanks. This deal was a sleeve done for EES, and we ve had problems with the trade dates on these before.. EES reported this trade to us on 12/6/00, and it was Matt Motley s understanding that the trade was executed the previous day.. He doesn t care either way, but he suggested you talk to someone at EES - maybe Jubran Whalan or Neil Bresnan - about what their intent was with the date.. In the meantime, I can change the date to 12/4 if you d like.. What would be best?. E-mail or call and let me know.. Thanks a lot!. Kate PHONE . Kate- Please verify trade date for trade 474440.01, we received our executed Enron Confirmation Letter back from Powerex Corp and they struck thru our trade date of 12/4/00 and placed 12/5/00.. Matt Motley was trader, Jan 2001, 375.00, Cob N/S.	Matt Motley was trader, Jan 2001, 375.00, Cob N/S.	Please check and I will make note and send to Powerex.
Pls send the NDA s to Monterey Design and to	Tana,	Tana,	Thanks for the NDA s. Pls send the NDA s to Monterey Design and to GreenAsh.
Chris and Scott, please check the term and pricing, and correct the deal	FYI-- The Allied Signal deal has been changed to a CES-Retail transaction, for which Chris Germany should be verifying all pricing.. The PennFuel deals are entered incorrectly for the remaining term at a TCO pool index, but it appears that Steve Gillespie is updating the pricing monthly to accurately reflect the correct basis pricing plus variable cost of transporation to the gate.. The Boonville pricing has been corrected to reflect NYX plus .45 instead of TCO pool index for the remaining term of the deal.. PennFuel. The following CES deals should roll into April 2000:. Allied Signal ipp Sell for 3405/day gms s-alliedsignal-0034 ends 11/1/2001 sitara 145328 PennFuel citygate Sell for 5000/day gms s-pennfuel-0001 ends 11/1/2000 sitara 151759 PennFuel citygate Sell for 2610/day gms s-pennfuel-0002 ends 11/1/2000 Boonville citygate Sell for 130/day gms s-boonville-0012 ends 7/1/2000 sitara 166857	Allied Signal ipp Sell for 3405/day gms s-alliedsignal-0034 ends 11/1/2001 sitara 145328 PennFuel citygate Sell for 5000/day gms s-pennfuel-0001 ends 11/1/2000 sitara 151759 PennFuel citygate Sell for 2610/day gms s-pennfuel-0002 ends 11/1/2000 Boonville citygate Sell for 130/day gms s-boonville-0012 ends 7/1/2000 sitara 166857	Chris and Scott, please check the term and pricing, and correct the deal tickets.
Please print this one  only!!!!!			Please print this one only!!!!
If so, can you please perform this for me so	Yes, it is a GTC Spot. Julie,. Is the contract with Cokinos on deal 151669 valid for Feb and Mar 20000?. D. Hi Daren,. Can you please check into whether or not the below deals for the above meters can be rolled and extended?	Can you please check into whether or not the below deals for the above meters can be rolled and extended?	If so, can you please perform this for me so that Anita can set up an accounting arrangement for me?
Guys, can you give me an update on what this deal is about - e-mail would be			Guys, can you give me an update on what this deal is about - e-mail would be fine?
Please provide your comments.	Ben - -. I hope this is what you are looking for....give me a call if you need anything else.. Webb. Forwarded by Webb Jennings/HOU/ECT on 03/28/2000 03:01 PM. George and Webb, please find attached revision one to the Santee Cooper O M cost estimate.. It is for mobilization and operating period O M services for one gas fired, 5 x LM6000 simple cycle peaking facility located at the Georgia and South Carolina border.. The revision made adjustments to the following: Rev 0 Rev 1 Mobilization fee 90,000 200,000 Annual Operating fee 160,000 250,000 Annual Maintenance cost Estimate 405,000 593,000 Mobilization Labor cost adjusted benefits 175,000 193,000 Annual Labor cost adjusted benefits 406,000 450,000 Initial Spare Parts 1,320,000 1,300,000. My reasoning is this: 1.. After consulting with OEC, the previous fees were not believed to be at market .. 2.. Annual Maintenance was recalculated after having more time to do a bottom up estimate.. 3.. Mob and annual labor costs changed due to a change in OEC benefits calculations.. 4.. Initial spares rounded down.. As we discussed, the GT major maintenance is scheduled to occur in year 18 of an 18 year term.	As we discussed, the GT major maintenance is scheduled to occur in year 18 of an 18 year term.	Please provide your comments.
Please respond to  alex.bandini petroleum-economics.com			alex.bandini alex.bandini petroleum-economics.com on 07/18/2000 11:10:23 AM Please respond to alex.bandini petroleum-economics.com To: public-relations enron.com cc:
Please respond to khazlewo swbell.net	Keith,. Thanks.. My home address is vkaminski aol.com,. not wkaminski aol.com.. The name starts with v.. Vince	Vince	khazlewo postoffice.swbell.net on 12/31/2000 11:04:06 AM Please respond to khazlewo swbell.net To: Vince Kaminski vkamins enron.com , Wincenty Kaminski wkaminski aol.com cc: Subject: Confirmation
Please take 5 minutes to fill out the first of three	ClickAtHome Pilot Three Members!. We hope your experience with the Clickathome ordering website and vendors has been exciting and fun for you!. We need your feedback to determine next steps of the program.	We need your feedback to determine next steps of the program.	Please take 5 minutes to fill out the first of three surveys.
Please contact Jim Blatchford  916  608-7051 or	REMINDER. URGENT NOTIFICATION: The 128 bit encryption will be implemented on the SI Servers Thursday 3/08/01 at 1430 hrs.. If you have upgraded to the Netscape Communicator Domestic release 4.76 w/ 128 bit encryption you will simple have to log off and log back into the SI workspace.. Please make sure that you have upgraded your Netscape Communicator web browsers on your local workstations to the Domestic release 4.76 128 bit encryption.. The upgrade may be found http://home.netscape.com/download/ PHONE /10000-en-win32. qual.html .	qual.html .	Please contact Jim Blatchford PHONE or jblatchford caiso.com if you have any questions or concerns.
Please, ask her to E-mail this to both you and me.	Shirley,	Shirley,	Please, ask her to E-mail this to both you and me.
Jeanie, can you please ensure this is dealt with.	Unfortunately - these guys did not make the cut this week-end.	Unfortunately - these guys did not make the cut this week-end.	Jeanie, can you please ensure this is dealt with.
Please take a look and give me your comments.	Rod and Joe,. Here is a proposed write up of the procedures we use to protect the data that we send to RAC.	Here is a proposed write up of the procedures we use to protect the data that we send to RAC.	Please take a look and give me your comments.
Also, as requested, please use the Enron Global Markets - Office	As indicated in the message Thursday from Cathy Phillips, please send the 20 following message to all groups within Enron Wholesale Services this 20 evening.	As indicated in the message Thursday from Cathy Phillips, please send the 20 following message to all groups within Enron Wholesale Services this 20 evening.	Also, as requested, please use the Enron Global Markets - Office of 20 the Chairman letterhead and send the proof before final distribution.
Please quote your	Dear Mr McConnell, 20. XML can save you money.. The business benefits include streamlining 20 procurement and supplier communication, improving routing transaction 20 efficiency and exploring collaborative processes within your supply chain.. 20 And at IQPC 01,s XML Integration for Chemicals held in association with CID XTM, 20 the XML experts will show you how.. Click here for full details 20. Eastman Chemical feature alongside eleven other international case studies.. 20 In January 2001, they announced that they had established 15 system-to-syst em 20 online connections with their major trading partners.. They discovered that 20 these connections provided them with the speed and flexibility to exploit 20 emerging B2B integration opportunities.. At this event they will be sharing 20 their experiences of what they 01,ve achieved so far and how you can unlock the 20 real value in your supply chain.. So to reduce internal process costs, monit or 20 purchasing, increase reliability and reduce the cost of sale click here 20. Kind regards,. Bonnie Gibbons Conference Director Anchor House 15-19 Britten Street London, SW3 3QL. Tel: 44 0 PHONE Fax: 44 0 PHONE www.xmlforchemcials.com. CONTACT US If you have any enquiries e-mail info iqpc.co.uk , or contact us via 20 telephone 44 0 PHONE or Fax 44 0 PHONE .	CONTACT US If you have any enquiries e-mail info iqpc.co.uk , or contact us via 20 telephone 44 0 PHONE or Fax 44 0 PHONE .	Please quote your 20 customer code 2020
Please print color versions of attachments, along with black and white of Anna s cover note.			Please print color versions of attachments, along with black and white of Anna s cover note.
please complete the following steps.	Step 2 of the registration process has now been completed.	Step 2 of the registration process has now been completed.	In order to activate your account, please complete the following steps.
Please get me three copies--check with other folks in group and see if they			Please get me three copies--check with other folks in group and see if they want one.
Please send your  corrections or additions by return e-mail.	Here are all the names I have received as of Monday morning.	Here are all the names I have received as of Monday morning.	Please send your corrections or additions by return e-mail.
Can you please let Phil know that he should be testing deals in the enpower	Hi Kate,	Hi Kate,	Can you please let Phil know that he should be testing deals in the enpower test database not the actual system.
Would you give me a copy of the deal ticket for deal 295058 please.			Would you give me a copy of the deal ticket for deal 295058 please.
Pls put on my calendar.			Pls put on my calendar.
Can you extend the deal throughout the month so that the volumes will have a	Daren,. I have 2 allocation exceptions that require a deal to be extended.. Meter 98-1488 Tenaska is showing small volumes flowed on days there was no deal.	Meter 98-1488 Tenaska is showing small volumes flowed on days there was no deal.	Can you extend the deal throughout the month so that the volumes will have a deal to link to.
Please reply to this email message to confirm your subscription to			Please reply to this email message to confirm your subscription to enl-dailyupdate-txt.
Please grab materials for me.	I will be in Phila.	I will be in Phila.	Please grab materials for me.
Could  you  ask your assistant to get with	Can you arrange with Bobbi?. Thanks.. Thanks Sal, lets have lunch soon.	Thanks Sal, lets have lunch soon.	Could you ask your assistant to get with Bobbie to schedule..........
Sue - can you look at the attached info and take a shot at completing this			Sue - can you look at the attached info and take a shot at completing this summary.
Please update Equistar  Swing   Sitara ticket   as: 156337.	Please make the following changes and redistribute your worksheet.. Thanks !. 1 .	1 .	Please update Equistar Swing Sitara ticket as: 156337.
If you try to call me Friday, please speak loudly, as I	Forwarded by Chris Germany/HOU/ECT on 03/16/2000 06:28 AM. Everyone,. I will be out of the office tomorrow, and Friday, 3/16 3/17.. Please contact Charlie Dalphon, PHONE , if you need gas or have questions.. If there is an emergency I will have my cell with me, PHONE , or you can try me at home PHONE .	If there is an emergency I will have my cell with me, PHONE , or you can try me at home PHONE .	If you try to call me Friday, please speak loudly, as I plan to be in a crowd watching basketball and celebrating St. Patrick s day.
IMPORTANT: Katherine, please call Darcy in Mayor Brown s office	Below is the information for tomorrow s meeting w/Mayor Brown; note that the Mayor has allotted 45 minutes for this meeting.. Jeff, Steve and Lisa will meet in Jeff s office EB5007 at 8:15 a.m. to prepare and will walk over to City Hall for the 9:00 a.m. meeting.	Jeff, Steve and Lisa will meet in Jeff s office EB5007 at 8:15 a.m. to prepare and will walk over to City Hall for the 9:00 a.m. meeting.	IMPORTANT: Katherine, please call Darcy in Mayor Brown s office PHONE to let her know when Jeff, Steve and Lisa leave City Hall.
Please respond to  Julee Malinowski-Ball			Julee Malinowski-Ball jmball ns.net 12/27/2000 01:18 PM Please respond to Julee Malinowski-Ball To: kent Palmerton kent.palmerton williams.com , Bill Carlson william carlson wastemanagement.com , Bill Woods billw calpine.com , Bob Ellery bellery spi-ind.com , Bob Escalante rescalante riobravo-gm.com , Carolyn Baker cabaker duke-energy.com , Curtis Kebler curtis l kebler reliantenergy.com , David Keane dnke dynegy.com , David Parquet dparque ect.enron.com , Dean Gosselin dean gosselin fpl.com , Duane Nelson dnelsen msn.com , Ed Tomeo ed.tomeo uaecorp.com , Frank DeRosa fderosa sanfrancisco.usgen.com , Greg Blue gtbl dynegy.com , Hap Boyd rboyd enron.com , Jack Pigott jackp calpine.com , Jeff Dasovich Jeff.Dasovich enron.com , Jim Willey elliottsa earthlink.net , Joe Greco joe.greco uaecorp.com , Joe Ronan joer calpine.com , John Stout john h stout reliantenergy.com , Jonathan Weisgall jweisgall aol.com , Kassandra Gough kgough calpine.com , Ken Hoffman khoffman caithnessenergy.com , Kent Fickett kfickett usgen.com , Lynn Lednicky lale dynegy.com , Marty McFadden marty mcfadden ogden-energy.com , Nam Nguyen nam.nguyen powersrc.com , Paula Soos paula soos ogden-energy.com , Richard Hyde rwhyde duke-energy.com , Robert Lamkin rllamkin seiworldwide.com , Roger Pelote roger.pelote williams.com , Stephanie Newell stephanie-newell reliantenergy.com , Steve Ponder steve ponder fpl.com , Steven Kelley steven iepa.com , Sue Mara smara enron.com , Tandy McMannes mcmannes aol.com , Tony Wetzel twetzel thermoecotek.com , Trond Aschehoug taschehoug thermoecotek.com , William Hall wfhall2 duke-energy.com cc: Susan McCabe sfmccabe mindspring.com , Scott Govenar sgovenar govadv.com , Ron Tom thackbarth govadv.com , Robert Ross robbiz cwo.com , Phil Isenberg Isenberg HMOT.com , Mike Monagan mrmonagan aol.com , Maureen OHaren Oharen HMOT.com , Marie Moretti marie moretti msn.com , Kassandra Gough kgough calpine.com , Jenn Paulsen paulsen hmot.com , Jamie Parker jparker hmot.com , Hedy Govenar hgovenar acom2.com , DJ Smith djsmith smithandkempton.com , Delany Hunter dhunter smithandkempton.com , Cary Rudman cjrudman softcom.net , Bev Hansen bhansen lhom.com , Anne Kelly kelly hnks.com , Chuck Cole ccole advocation-inc.com , Jan Smutny Jones smutny iepa.com , Steven Kelley steven iepa.com , Katie Kaplan kaplan iepa.com Subject: Republican Caucus Energy Briefing
Can you attend the meeting and the conference call?			Can you attend the meeting and the conference call?
Please confirm if you would be able to meet with Bob Hall and Pat Clynes	Daren,	Daren,	Please confirm if you would be able to meet with Bob Hall and Pat Clynes to discuss Producer Services
give me a call at work when you get a chance			give me a call at work when you get a chance
When you get a chance call me.			When you get a chance call me.
PLEASE INQUIRE AT CHK IN	Mark,. There are some minor schedule changes on your flights.. Please review the itinerary and let me know should you have any questions.. Thank you, Madeleine AGENT AA/MC BOOKING REF Y57Q32. TAYLOR/MARK E EB 3889 ETKT RECEIPT ENRON CORP. DATE: OCT 15 2001. SERVICE DATE FROM TO DEPART ARRIVE. CONTINENTAL AIRLINES 09NOV HOUSTON TX NEW YORK NY 535P 949P CO 1632 Q FRI G.BUSH INTERCO LA GUARDIA TERMINAL C TERMINAL M SNACK NON STOP RESERVATION CONFIRMED 3:14 DURATION AIRCRAFT: BOEING 737-700 SEAT 06C NO SMOKING CONFIRMED TAYLOR/MARK E I. HOTEL 09NOV THE PENINSULA 13NOV 700 FIFTH AVENUE AT 55TH STREET NEW YORK, NY PHONE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TELEPHONE: PHONE FAX: PHONE CONFIRMATION: PHONE REFERENCE: A04A1T SINGLE ROOM KING SIZE BED RATE: ENR USD 295.00 PER NIGHT GUARANTEE GIVEN ENRON CORP YOUR HOTEL IS GUARANTEED FOR LATE ARRIVAL.. TO AVOID BILLING CANCEL 24HRS PRIOR TO ARRIVAL.. LOWER HOTEL RATES MAY BECOME AVAILABLE.	LOWER HOTEL RATES MAY BECOME AVAILABLE.	PLEASE INQUIRE AT CHK IN
So go ahead and give yourself a big pat on the back.	T H A N K S G I V I N G W I S H E S F R O M I N O .. COM INO.com - Trusted by Traders the World Over http://www.ino.com/ - Thrusday, November 22, 2001. A BIG THANK YOU FROM INO.com!. THE INO.com 5.7 MILLION THANKSGIVING GIVEAWAY!!!. CAN YOU BELIEVE THIS?. NEW FEATURES AT INO.com. A BIG THANK YOU FROM INO.com!. Dear Andrew:. On behalf of INO.com we want to thank you for using our website.. We have a lot to be thankful for this year.. Last month INO.com reached an important milestone in our history.. 575,000 unique individuals accessed our website for information to help them trade.. To celebrate we have decided to give EVERY user a 10 INSTANT REBATE for any purchase made now through midnight Sunday, November 25th EST.. We call it .. .. .. THE INO.com 5.75 MILLION THANKSGIVING GIVEAWAY !!. !	!	So go ahead and give yourself a big pat on the back.
Please call to discuss at your	Here is Dave s OBA calculation exhibit.	Here is Dave s OBA calculation exhibit.	Please call to discuss at your convenience.
Please respond to choekenga	Chris, The firm schedules referred to are those currently in place on the Firm Gathering Agreement.. The latest amendments were dated September 24, 1999.. I only have hard copies, but can fax them to you.. Lori should have a copy of the amendments.. Also attached is the Capacity Allocation and Expansion Agreement most current changes redlined against the original.	Also attached is the Capacity Allocation and Expansion Agreement most current changes redlined against the original.	Chris Hoekenga choekenga br-inc.com 06/26/2000 10:32 AM Please respond to choekenga To: Gerald.Nemec enron.com cc: Subject: re: ... no subject ...
buying or selling a home, please call me with their name and	Hi There,. November is here and it is time to give thanks.. As the year is drawing to a close there is much to be thankful for.. Thank you for your business and your continued support of my business with referrals and support.. Once again, I am having a drawing for a free turkey for your Thanksgiving dinner.. Write, phone, or e-mail me with your entry by November 18th, 2000.. Your chances of winning are excellent.. My new newsletter is now available from the hyperlinks below.. Please check it out and I can answer any questions you might have.. This month s issue includes topics such as:. .To stretch or not to stretch, that is the question .Pre-approval versus pre-qualification,Is there a difference.. .Should I take my home off the market during the holidays .Is your neighborhood kid-friendly .Steel forges new role in home building. Here is a link to my November Real Estate Update. http://homeownernews.com/24/IonaAlphonso. AOL Users: a href http://homeownernews.com/24/IonaAlphonso Click Here. I hope you enjoy the newsletter.. I would welcome your comments.. Sincerely,. IONA ALPHONSO. ALWAYS IN TUNE WITH YOUR NEEDS	ALWAYS IN TUNE WITH YOUR NEEDS	Oh, by the way ...If you know of someone thinking about buying or selling a home, please call me with their name and number - Thanks a Million!
Could you please book me a ticket for Portland.	Hi and good morning.	Hi and good morning.	Could you please book me a ticket for Portland.
Can you talk to him,	Shank. It seems that Bradford still feels that we are commercially objecting to some credit mitigation.	It seems that Bradford still feels that we are commercially objecting to some credit mitigation.	Can you talk to him,
Please make the following changes and redistribute your  worksheet.			Please make the following changes and redistribute your worksheet.
Please prepare a draft ISDA based on the attached credit worksheet.			Please prepare a draft ISDA based on the attached credit worksheet.
To reserve a seat, please call Stephanie E. Taylor at 5-7928	eSource presents Global Access training. Global Access offers an online connection to complete company information and filings via content that includes Disclosure, Worldscope, Datastream and I/B/E/S.. The product is designed to allow users to get complete company information such as financials, filings, databases and news for thousands of US and International companies from a single source.. Training Agenda Includes: ?. General Introduction.. ?. Basic Reference View Query Which provides an itemized list of all available source data.. ?. Basic Business View Query Which pulls source data from various Global Access content, and displays it in a presentation summary .. Attend our Global Access Clinic: May.. Seats fill up fast!	Seats fill up fast!	To reserve a seat, please call Stephanie E. Taylor at 5-7928 Check the eSource training page at http://esource.enron.com/training.doc for additional training sessions and vendor presentations
Please call the Galveston County Health District Mosquito Control tomorrow.			Please call the Galveston County Health District Mosquito Control tomorrow.
Please fax a copy of Plan B to be at 713 767 6677.	Jeff,. Sorry I was unable to make the call yesterday.. Thanks for the summary.. My comments and questions are indicated below.	My comments and questions are indicated below.	Please fax a copy of Plan B to be at PHONE .
Would you send me the purchases?			Would you send me the purchases?
Upon your review, please give me a call to discuss the attached.	Claire,. In response to my phone message of 1 February, 2001, attached are two agreements for your review.. First is a GISB revised in acceptable form to ENA.. I have incorporated UGI s Special Revisions into ENA s save number 3 .. Also, with regards to number 2 , three business days has been changed to five and revisions to the last two sentences.. Finally, also attached is a draft of ENA s Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement.	Finally, also attached is a draft of ENA s Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement.	Upon your review, please give me a call to discuss the attached.
pls send emma s resume to Lou Soldano.			pls send emma s resume to Lou Soldano.
Please, arrange a phone interview next week.	Shirley,	Shirley,	Please, arrange a phone interview next week.
Anyway; give me a shout when you get a chance....	Hey man;. This is Brian David s brother, Sean s brother-in-law ;. Just thought I d yell at you to see what was going on.. I ve been here with EBS for 3 months now and have been meaning to shoot you an email or something....	I ve been here with EBS for 3 months now and have been meaning to shoot you an email or something....	Anyway; give me a shout when you get a chance....
Could you email me a contact person  and	Dear Mark,. Confirming your meeting this Friday with Linda Robertson and Chris Long.. Thank you for setting this up.	Thank you for setting this up.	Could you email me a contact person and phone number in case Linda and Chris are late, etc.?
Please forward the following E-8 schedule as soon as possible:			Please forward the following E-8 schedule as soon as possible:
Hi Tana, can you forward to me again the name and phone number of your			Hi Tana, can you forward to me again the name and phone number of your migraine doctor?
Please return this sign-up sheet ASAP to Judy Kudym.	Please put me down for one large crock pot of Phossum s Phamous Pheasant 20 Chili.. Its actually not that famous, but its pretty darn good if I may sa y 20 so myself!. DF 20. ATTENTION: ADDITIONAL COOKS NEEDED. We don 01,t have enough people bringing chili for the March 1 Chili Festiva l. 20 Please consider becoming a Chilihead -- cook a pot of chili your recipe of 20 choice , and have a good time in helping raise funds for worthwhile chariti es 20 or non-profit organizations.. 20 Become a member of the ETS CHILI SOCIETY 2001 20. I will participate and bring my favorite chili to share with everyone in th e 20 Omaha Office.. Name:. Name your dish:. Degree of spice: i.e., mild, medium, hot, other. Those who cook chili and bring it in on March 1 will receive a 20 special souvenir gift.	Those who cook chili and bring it in on March 1 will receive a 20 special souvenir gift.	Please return this sign-up sheet ASAP to Judy Kudym.
Larry - Please plan to attend via phone conference our weekly Red Rock call on Thursday, 1/3/02 at 9:30 am to update us on the status of the air permits.			Larry - Please plan to attend via phone conference our weekly Red Rock call on Thursday, 1/3/02 at 9:30 am to update us on the status of the air permits.
Please call me to resolve.	Dick:. Please call me about the settlement issue.. I spoke with Jim earlier and he deferred to you entirely.. Thanks.. Sara. On number 4, we have Chip Eady of Foley Lardner, our bond counsel, working on this.. Sara.Shackleton enron.com 01/02/01 09:00AM All:. Following is a list of outsanding items:. 1 ISDA Master Agreement Schedule and Credit Support Annex I need to better understand EWEB s proposed settlement language.. ENA generally sends an invoice when the counterparty owes a payment but not when ENA owes a payment .. The invoice reflects the outstanding transactions for a given Calculation Period and the net amount owed.. ENA can generate this invoice in all cases.. Does EWEB intend that BOTH parties always send reciprocal invoices?. Is is necessary that the Calc Agent ALSO make a phone call?. What does EWEB s language separate invoices and documentation covering each Transaction sufficient to permit the other party to comply with its interanl accounting and record keeping procedures concerning individual Transactions mean?	What does EWEB s language separate invoices and documentation covering each Transaction sufficient to permit the other party to comply with its interanl accounting and record keeping procedures concerning individual Transactions mean?	Please call me to resolve.
Please make sure that your email address is at the end of the url.	Hello Matt Motley,. Global Energy - This report provides a detailed analysis of: Calpine Dynegy Entergy Mirant TXU Williams. We also present an overview of the U.S. Supreme Court s recent decision in favor of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and the impact on Merchant Energy Providers.. To download this report Click here http://www.reedwasden.com/members/download.asp?ID 140 email matt.motley enron.com .. If a link does not appear above please copy the url between the and below and paste it into your browser.	If a link does not appear above please copy the url between the and below and paste it into your browser.	http://www.reedwasden.com/members/download.asp?ID 140 email matt.motley enron.com Please make sure that your email address is at the end of the url.
Please send the forms to Carlos also since for 2, 3, and 4 we will use the	Hi Marisa,	Hi Marisa,	Please send the forms to Carlos also since for 2, 3, and 4 we will use the same forms.
Please forward an Inter/Intra GISB ASAP to Enron North America or whatever name			Please forward an Inter/Intra GISB ASAP to Enron North America or whatever name they want to use for their new contracts.
already done so, please send me the following:			Pursuant to the Site Visit Procedures sent you by CSFB, if you have not already done so, please send me the following: List of your team members and titles For outside consultants, state their employer Name, phone number office and mobile and e-mail address of your designated deal team leader
please print text, and resume.			please print text, and resume.
Please print and fax to me at home.			Please print and fax to me at home.
If you would please forward me your customer and employee trip designation	Daren,. Below, I have attached the information that I initially sent out to the managers.	Below, I have attached the information that I initially sent out to the managers.	If you would please forward me your customer and employee trip designation as well as their addresses as soon as possible I would really appreciate it.
Please do whatever crazy	Kimat, I added TRCO meter 4091 to deal 30512.	Kimat, I added TRCO meter 4091 to deal 30512.	Please do whatever crazy things you Economics people do.
Toby - Please post the provided capacity award posting immediately for a one			Toby - Please post the provided capacity award posting immediately for a one week time period.
of the time, could you please send it to me?			i never received a copy of the original document, my computer works only part of the time, could you please send it to me?
Marchris, could you check with	Will do.. Mona:. I will check on it and get back to you next week.. MR. Good question, Margo.. Yes, we should do as you suggest, check with counsel about transferring the existing CLEC license to ETI.. If not, then naturally, we will need to refile our application.	If not, then naturally, we will need to refile our application.	Marchris, could you check with counsel in FL and TX counsel?
t:  please print this and the attachment.			t: please print this and the attachment.
Print out this coupon and send it with your next roll of film, single-use or preloaded camera, to save  3 on your order.	PhotoWorks http://www.photoworks.com/images/emails/11-5 123/123 A hdr 01.gif Take 3 off your next processing order http://www.photoworks.com/images/emails/11-5 123/123 A hdr 02.jpg Take 3 off your next processing order http://www.photoworks.com/images/emails/11-5 123/123 A hdr 03.jpg Take 3 off your next processing order http://www.photoworks.com/images/emails/11-5 123/123 A hdr 04.gif Take 3 off your next processing order http://www.photoworks.com/images/emails/11-5 123/123 A hdr 05.jpg http://www.photoworks.com/images/blank.gif We miss you here at PhotoWorks and we want you back!. In fact, we re giving you 3, just to try us again!. PhotoWorks promises top-quality prints plus we ll automatically scan and archive your photos online, where you can e-mail them, create online albums, and more!. http://www.photoworks.com/images/blank.gif 3 off your next order http://www.photoworks.com/images/emails/1-29 Lapsed/129 lapsedcoupon.gif http://www.photoworks.com/images/blank.gif Give us another try.	http://www.photoworks.com/images/blank.gif 3 off your next order http://www.photoworks.com/images/emails/1-29 Lapsed/129 lapsedcoupon.gif http://www.photoworks.com/images/blank.gif Give us another try.	Print out this coupon and send it with your next roll of film, single-use or preloaded camera, to save 3 on your order.
Please prepare a draft and send to:	Debra, Can you please forward the attached contract to Dave Hutchens.. Debra -. Attached is a worksheet for another new Master Firm Purchase/Sale, this time for Tucson Electric Power Company.	Attached is a worksheet for another new Master Firm Purchase/Sale, this time for Tucson Electric Power Company.	Please prepare a draft and send to:
Please make checks payable to the Auburn University Foundation	Dawn, thanks for putting this information in the paper.. Hopefully a student from Haleyville that goes to Auburn in the future can apply for the scholarship.. A scholarship in memory of Dr. W.H.. Burgess has been set up at the school of Veterinary Medicine at Auburn University.. The scholarship has been ear marked for students that are in need of financial assistance and have an interest in the area of large animal practice, an area in which Dr. Burgess dedicated much of his professional life in Haleyville, Alabama where he practiced for 35 years.. If you would like to make contributions to the scholarship in his name, you can do so as follows: Auburn University Foundation c/o Sam Hendrix 317 South College Street Auburn University, AL 36849	If you would like to make contributions to the scholarship in his name, you can do so as follows: Auburn University Foundation c/o Sam Hendrix 317 South College Street Auburn University, AL 36849	Please make checks payable to the Auburn University Foundation Any contributions are fully tax deductible Any questions, please contact Dr. Burgess grandson Phillip Love PHONE
Please post to each of the pipelines   Informational Postings sites.	Toby,	Toby,	Please post to each of the pipelines Informational Postings sites.
the following: Check your online calendar,	To unsubscribe from this email, please read the information at the end of this message.. Dear RealPlayer User,	Dear RealPlayer User,	Let s say you have only five minutes to do the following: Check your online calendar, add something to a to-do list, send an instant message, check how your stocks are doing, and catch up on today s top news headlines.
please contact Bill with questions.	I haven t done anything.. I was waiting for you to get back in to discuss this.... Tana:. Please let me know if you did anything with this or I will assign.. Since you were copied, I didn t know if you had a conversation with Tanya or Soma.. Thanks.. Sara. I have attached a credit worksheet per Sara s request in order to amend the B of A master.. My understanding is that we intend to only amend the existing document for holding and use of collateral so that we may be able to rehypothecate collateral.. I have tried to construct the worksheet terms such that they reflect what is in the current document, but the old document terms should govern in the case of a discrepancy.	I have tried to construct the worksheet terms such that they reflect what is in the current document, but the old document terms should govern in the case of a discrepancy.	I will be out tomorrow, so please contact Bill with questions.
Pat:  Cal me when you have a few minutes.	If you guys are just going to squabble like a couple of old ladies I m not sure I want to play golf with you!. By the way, Hill, your excuse is lame.. DF. There you go!. Always telling me what to do.	Always telling me what to do.	Pat: Cal me when you have a few minutes.
please provide the feedback by December 1.	Steve --. On the people who participated in Reg Risk WG:. The key person who took the time to support us was Amr Ibrahim.. He was fantastic.. He could do this himself if he didn t have other responsibilities.. Needs alot of kudos for his help.. Also, Vinio Flores and Alberto Levy.. Jim. Please provide me an update on the progress of the working group you have led this year.. There are several things I would like you to cover in this regard.. Did the working group function through the year or was it terminated I recognize there may be good reasons for the latter, but would like to understand those reasons .. What did the group accomplish?. Would you recommend continuing it?. Any changes?. Are there other topics we should consider for working groups in the future?. Any changes to the working group process itself?. Please provide input on the individuals you worked with.. You should be able to do this through the PEP system.. If you cannot, please provide the feedback by confidential e-mail to me.	If you cannot, please provide the feedback by confidential e-mail to me.	Because the PRC is coming up soon, please provide the feedback by December 1.
can you prepare those for R/S?	Cheryl, The database says that the below Robertson Stephens brokerage agreements were sent for execution on 03/02/01, however, the legal comments do not reflect this.. Is this a mistake or have the agreements been sent for execution?. Thanks.. Hello everyone,. Here are some updates since our meeting and some follow through points:. 1.. Today I received access to lotus notes and instructions on how to use it for the purpose of tracking our agreements.. this should greatly improve the efficiency of our work on this project.. 2.. I received confirmation that on Monday that we should have final drafts of the Raymond James and Robertson Stephens Brokerage Agreements ready for signatures.. Sam is preparing the accompanying documents for R/J.	Sam is preparing the accompanying documents for R/J.	Stephanie, can you prepare those for R/S?
Please see if you can get me 30 minutes via phone with John Klauberg at 130			Please see if you can get me 30 minutes via phone with John Klauberg at 130 today.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Noah Bardach 135 San Benito Rd.. Brisbane, CA 94005 noah stentor.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Would you send me	Mark, I hope you can help me with two things further to our meeting last Thursday re the swap rep in our commodity agreements:	Mark, I hope you can help me with two things further to our meeting last Thursday re the swap rep in our commodity agreements:	I m trying to track down the evolution of EES s swap rep. Would you send me a copy of ENA s swap rep so that I can confirm that EES uses the same one?
Please plan to meet with Tom Martin tomorrow, August 4th, from 2:30-3:30 in			Please plan to meet with Tom Martin tomorrow, August 4th, from 2:30-3:30 in EB3127
Please bring to our 1:30	Attached is the most recent listing from Aneela.	Attached is the most recent listing from Aneela.	Please bring to our 1:30 meeting this afternoon.
Please confirm rate for this	Please review the following discrepancy and let me know what the price should be.. Forwarded by Chris Germany/HOU/ECT on 03/29/2000 09:58 AM. Chris,. Per my phone message, please see below.. Thanks, Stephanie x33465. Customer is short paying on deal 157848.. ENA billed 72,500 2.76 and customer is paying at rate of 2.649.. As per Dcaf and Sitara rate should be IF-CGAS-Appalachia-MI which is equal ot 2.76.	As per Dcaf and Sitara rate should be IF-CGAS-Appalachia-MI which is equal ot 2.76.	Please confirm rate for this deal.
Please put someone in touch with Chris.	I am going to copy Phillippe Bibi Chief Technology Officer and Cindy Olson EVP-HR .	I am going to copy Phillippe Bibi Chief Technology Officer and Cindy Olson EVP-HR .	Please put someone in touch with Chris.
When you get a chance, will you retrieve it and try to refresh it, please?	I wanted to let you know that I sent you the TW Daily Balance report in Business Objects this afternoon.	I wanted to let you know that I sent you the TW Daily Balance report in Business Objects this afternoon.	When you get a chance, will you retrieve it and try to refresh it, please?
Please respond to  nmann erac.com	You know so much!!!!. !	!	Neil Mann nmann erac.com on 03/06/2001 10:35:00 AM Please respond to nmann erac.com To: C. Kay Mann E-mail Kay.Mann Enron.com cc:
Take a look and let me know if it meets	Attached is my proposed form of NDA.. I set up the choice in products similar to they way we did it in Prebon.	I set up the choice in products similar to they way we did it in Prebon.	Take a look and let me know if it meets with your approval.
Call me after you get this message.	I am sending the Dr. a contract for Monday delivery.. He is offering 739,000 with 73,900 down.. He wants us to finish the work on the units that are being renovated now.. We need to specify those units in the contract.. We also need to specify the units that have not been remodeled.. I think he will be a good buyer.. He is a local with plenty of cash.	He is a local with plenty of cash.	Call me after you get this message.
Can you set my starting lineup please I ll be on the road and out of town.			Can you set my starting lineup please I ll be on the road and out of town.
reply to this email with the words  CANCEL  or send an email to cancel trad	IMAGE 09. IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE Syncrasy, LLC?	IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE Syncrasy, LLC?	PHONE Off PHONE Fax 909 Texas Avenue Suite 1314 H ouston, TX 77002 www.syncrasy.com Sales: PHONE D evelopment Offices: PHONE Off PHONE Fax 835 Main Avenue Suite 221 Durango, CO 81301 09 09 IMAGE Complimentary version of Trader Summary from Syncrasy, LLC and APB Energy Inc. - If you woul d like to receive this product early in the morning please call Syncr asy at PHONE for more information or send an email to subscrib e TraderSummary syncrasy.com - If you would like to be added to this da ily email list please send an email to TraderSummaryemail syncrasy.co m - If you would like to be removed from this daily email please reply to this email with the words CANCEL or send an email to cancel trad ersummary syncrasy.com Data last updated: Wednesday, Nov 21, 2001 at 07:45AM EST Commentary last updated: Wednesday, Nov 21, 2001 at 09:21AM EST Meteorologist: Andy Weingarten... APB Energy / True Quote Congratu lations Andy Weingarten, APB Energy!
Please draft a Master Physical per the attached credit worksheet.	Debra,. High Priority	High Priority	Please draft a Master Physical per the attached credit worksheet.
Please set up Dexter Steis at NGI with a guest password ASAP.			Please set up Dexter Steis at NGI with a guest password ASAP.
Can you check on them for me and let me know?	They ve all been changed.. Sorry for the delay.. Chaos!. Kate. Please change to Power Marketing.. Edward Sacks in credit has indicated that it should be them.. Thanks.. I just spoke with Sean Crandall, the trader on these deals, and he said the counterparty could be either Conoco Pipeline Co. or Conoco Power Marketing.. If credit has specified the latter, I ll change these deals.. Just let me know.. Thanks, Kate. Credit called me and believes the following deals should be booked to Conoco Power Marketing.	Credit called me and believes the following deals should be booked to Conoco Power Marketing.	Can you check on them for me and let me know?
please call me.	I just wanted to recap our 2000 Earnings Target, based upon our discussions on Wednesday.. 1999 Consolidated Net Income 49.6 Million 2000 Target Consolidated Net Income 96.6 Million Included original stretch of 2.9M. 2000 Base Operating Income Target 147.4 Million. 2000 Current Estimate Base Operating Income 154.8 Million. Through June of 2000, in our Base Operating Income we were able to cover our original stretch of 2.9Million, as well as a Sale of Assets shortfall of 2.6 Million, resulting in our exceeding our Base Operating Income Target by a net amount of 1.9 Million.. We will now put into place a plan to cover the incremental stretch of at least 2.9 Million for 2000.. Our revised 2000 Consolidated Net Income Target is now 89.4 Million.. We will be meeting in the next few days to develop and implement our strategy to attain this target.. I will advise you of the possibilities which we will be pursuing to reach our target.. You should also recall that we are continuing to pursue reimbursement for our costs related to the lowering of the Black Marlin pipeline across the Houston Ship Channel.. The Purchase and Sale Agreement for Black Marlin was negotiated such that all dollars collected for that work will come back to Enron as income.. In the final analysis, I am confident that we will meet, or exceed, the target before us.	In the final analysis, I am confident that we will meet, or exceed, the target before us.	If you have any questions, or wish to discuss any of this, please call me.
Taking inspiration from the above desserts/stressed saying, can you coin a	avid avid adjective. 1.. Having an ardent desire or unbounded craving; greedy.. 2.. Marked by keen interest and enthusiasm.. Latin avidus, from avere, to desire.. Global Exchange, for instance, is an outfit of 40 people based in San Francisco, and an avid believer in street protest.. Angry and effective, Economist, Sep 23, 2000.. A popular motivational saying goes, Desserts is stressed spelled backwards.. This is an example of a reversible word, which when read from the right yields another word.. All of this week s words exhibit this quality.. Just like reversible clothing that changes pattern when worn inside out, reversible words result in other usable words.. A special case of reversible words are palindromes, which spell the same when reversed.. So palindromes are a subset of reversible words which in turn are a subset of anagrams.. Another name for reversible words is semordnilap, a self-referential word coined by reversing the word palindromes.. Some words coined in this manner have actually entered the dictionary.. Here are two examples: YOB a rowdy youth , coined by reversing BOY, and MHO former unit of conductance , coined by reversing OHM, the unit of electrical resistance.	Here are two examples: YOB a rowdy youth , coined by reversing BOY, and MHO former unit of conductance , coined by reversing OHM, the unit of electrical resistance.	Taking inspiration from the above desserts/stressed saying, can you coin a pithy aphorism using some word and its semordnilap?
As a special surprise for our dear Jen and Max,  please send something for	Who is Tabitha Croke?. Does she know what she s getting herself into by asking us for memories for some little book?. How do you put a fourty and a big RUN DMC gold necklace into a book?. are you guys going to send something special?. how about some stripper s panties from the bachelor party?. any news on caymen rooms?. Hello Everyone!!!	Hello Everyone!!!	As a special surprise for our dear Jen and Max, please send something for their memory book.
CP, please add to my calendar.			CP, please add to my calendar.
I ll be in meetings on Monday,  but please call Dorothy Barnes at 713.331.1266 and work out a time with her.	Rick--I have been thinking of you often during these trying times.. The range of emotions you must be experiencing must be so trying--you put your heart and soul into fighting the good fight and to see the results of your great effort slipping away must be virtually unbearable.. In any event, it would be my great pleasure to spend some time talking over your plans.. What does Tuesday at lunch look like?	What does Tuesday at lunch look like?	I ll be in meetings on Monday, but please call Dorothy Barnes at PHONE and work out a time with her.
Can you revise the List for ECT today  or just doublecheck it  so that we do	Cheryl:. Just a bit of history: I think that the partial listing of officers on the authorized traders list is only meant to be illustrative of corporate officers and directors.. The ENA unanimous consent for the relevant company is the authority for document execution.. If, for example, a VP is authorized to execute for a particular company by virtue of a corporate resolution or unanimous consent and that particular VP s name does not appear in the partial listing, exection is not invalidated.. The execution is valid.. Have you had a broker question ENA s authority?. Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas 770 PHONE phone PHONE fax sara.shackleton enron.com. Hey Stephanie, we need to revise this list because it does not make sense at least with respect to ENA.. It does not list key people e.g.. Gary and it is inconsistent with the resolutions.. For example, the resolutions say that a managing director and treasurer can be a designated person to open an account but ENA does not have such an officer.. There are MD s and then there is a VP and Treasurer.. There are I think other inconsistencies we need to clear up to avoid having the accounts invalidated.. Having these points clear is especially important where, like now, we won t have Gary or Mark Frevert sign because they are out of town and we need to open the account right away.. I know you are swamped so I will work tonight on revising the List for ENA tonight and give the revisions to do first thing in the morning.	I know you are swamped so I will work tonight on revising the List for ENA tonight and give the revisions to do first thing in the morning.	Can you revise the List for ECT today or just doublecheck it so that we do not have a hold up in executing the Goldman International account for ECT first thing in the morning.
in error, please call  collect  immediately at  504  586-1241 and ask to	Larry, I am working with Robert Morgan to get the proper approvals at Bridgeline and I will insure that the proper approvals are obtained from Enron.. Lawrence J.. I have received all needed engineering information from Rusty Belflower, with the exception of an area map which will be provided.. The application is essentially complete.. Who at Enron, Texaco and Bridgeline should I send the application to for approval prior to filing?. Lawrence J.. Hand, Jr. Lemle Kelleher, L.L.P.. 601 Poydras Street, Suite 2100 New Orleans, Louisiana 70130 Phone: PHONE Fax: PHONE . PRIVILEGED CONFIDENTIAL COMMUNICATION: DO NOT read, copy or disseminate this communication unless you are the intended addressee.. This communication may contain information that is privileged, confidential and exempt from disclosure under applicable law.. If you are not the intended recipient, you are on notice that any unauthorized disclosure, copying, distribution, or taking of any action in reliance on the contents of the electronically transmitted materials is prohibited.	If you are not the intended recipient, you are on notice that any unauthorized disclosure, copying, distribution, or taking of any action in reliance on the contents of the electronically transmitted materials is prohibited.	If you have received this communication in error, please call collect immediately at PHONE and ask to speak to the sender of the communication.
To the Remaining Officers: Please provide me with your home phone number,	pls get for Cindy.. Thanks df. Hello, everyone!. This is to request your assistance in obtaining the following information for Stan:. To Stan s Direct Reports: Please provide me with your home phone number and a pager or cellular number.	To Stan s Direct Reports: Please provide me with your home phone number and a pager or cellular number.	To the Remaining Officers: Please provide me with your home phone number, work number, pager or cellular number, Assistant s name, Assistant s work number and your office fax number.
Brenda, could you please investigate formation of a DealBench subsidiary			Brenda, could you please investigate formation of a DealBench subsidiary formed under Canadian Ontario law?
Please send out the books for Sempra, PPL Global, and NRG.			James or Rishi: Please send out the books for Sempra, PPL Global, and NRG.
2.  In  Party required to deliver document  for party B  p. 4,   Please			-Origin: SHACKLETON-S X-FileName: sshackle.nsf
Could you please remind me what type of deals would be done under this type			Jim and/or Marianne; Could you please remind me what type of deals would be done under this type of agreement and how such deals would differ from the deals that are done under Electric Energy Services and Sales Agreement for Large and Industrial Customers?
Please contact Maribel Monterrey at ext.3-9048.	I will be out of the office on maternity leave.	I will be out of the office on maternity leave.	Please contact Maribel Monterrey at ext.3-9048.
Please forward comments on this Technical Bulletin via email to:	Dear Market Participant,. Technical Bulletin 67 - Automated Mitigation Procedure for the Day-Ahead Energy Market - is being distributed for Market Participant comment.. It will be posted to the NYISO web site 5 business days from the date of this communication.. The purpose of our technical bulletins is to facilitate participation in the NYISO by communicating various NYISO concepts, techniques, and processes to Market Participants before they can be formally documented in a NYISO manual.	The purpose of our technical bulletins is to facilitate participation in the NYISO by communicating various NYISO concepts, techniques, and processes to Market Participants before they can be formally documented in a NYISO manual.	Please forward comments on this Technical Bulletin via email to:
Please review it ASAP, as I would	Doug and Ed,. Based upon the additional information you have provided to me, I have revised our draft of EPMI s damages calculation.	Based upon the additional information you have provided to me, I have revised our draft of EPMI s damages calculation.	Please review it ASAP, as I would like to be able to send it to our outside counsel this afternoon.
Kate, could you help us on deal  595155.1 that is showing up as a purchase			Kate, could you help us on deal 595155.1 that is showing up as a purchase from Enron Energy Marketing which Brooklyn dose not show any purchases.
like you to please spend some time with him, and then based on the discussion	Bob,. I wanted to continue the analysis on mark-to-market that I had spoken to you about on the phone.. I thought that it was getting very difficult explaining the whole transaction by phone, so I am having Krishnarao who is in Vince s group explain the transaction to you.. Krishna has been helping us structure the deal here in India, and he has just returned to Houston from India after working with the team here.. He will seek an appointment with you to explain the transaction.	He will seek an appointment with you to explain the transaction.	I would like you to please spend some time with him, and then based on the discussion please send us a note detailing how sucha a transaction would be marked to market.
Or details about the next five games, check out the Rockets 5-Game Outlook  http://www.nbateamnews.com/i.cfm?DID 134695 UID 45456540 MID 188637 .			Dear eric,
Please send via Federal Express for Friday delivery three  3  original	Attached are blacklined and clean versions of the Assignment and Assumption Agreement.. ENA will fax the ENA signature to you shortly.. Please fax the Mercado and Williams signatures to ENA at PHONE , to my attention.	Please fax the Mercado and Williams signatures to ENA at PHONE , to my attention.	Please send via Federal Express for Friday delivery three 3 original signature pages.
Charlie - please proceed with getting the pricing as we talked about, but	FYI.. The email below changes things for years 4 5 because we would need to have gas for the summer months.	The email below changes things for years 4 5 because we would need to have gas for the summer months.	Charlie - please proceed with getting the pricing as we talked about, but also try to get pricing for more of a firm service instead of best efforts for Summer 05 and 06.
Finally, would you kindly give us your final reconfirmation of your	Dear Ken,. As promised, here is some background for our off-the-record dinner discussion on November 27 that the Yale School of Management is having to honor Bill McDonough.. The evening will begin with my presenting Yale s award to Bill McDonough.. Bill will then make some personal remarks about the state of globalization as he sees it.. Gordon Brown will then respond.. Following that, John Browne will lead a discussion among all of us based on a question along these lines:. The world faces recession, terrorism, and large gaps between rich and poor -- to cite just a few of the problems.. To what extent is more globalization the solution and to what extent is it the problem?. You may wish to refer to such areas as finance, trade, energy, immigration.. You could focus on more liberalization or more regulation, or both.. Depending on your viewpoint on the basic question, how do you see your own constructive role in strengthening the global framework?. We think this question will open up a wide range of intriguing insights.. Many thanks for thinking about it before the dinner.. For good order sake, here again are the logistics for the evening:. National Portrait Gallery St Martin s Place London WC2H OHE Tel PHONE Catherine Spoon. 7:00 -7:45 p.m. Cocktails Tudor Galleries, second floor 8:00-10:00 p.m. Dinner/Discussion Regency Room, second floor. The entrance to the Gallery is opposite Church of St. Martin-in-the-Fields, to the north of Trafalgar Square, between Leicester Square and Trafalgar Square	The entrance to the Gallery is opposite Church of St. Martin-in-the-Fields, to the north of Trafalgar Square, between Leicester Square and Trafalgar Square	Finally, would you kindly give us your final reconfirmation of your attendance by putting an X next to the appropriate answer below and replying to this e-mail?
Could you look this over and provide your initial comments.	Jeff,. Understanding there are many nuances and directions for discussing a contract restructuring with the QFs, I am attaching a general outline of a potential structure we Chris Foster and I would like to pitch to Wheelabrator.	Understanding there are many nuances and directions for discussing a contract restructuring with the QFs, I am attaching a general outline of a potential structure we Chris Foster and I would like to pitch to Wheelabrator.	Could you look this over and provide your initial comments.
Please, make sure that we are billed.	Darrell,. Thanks a lot.. A quick question: we haven t received your invoice for the last few model / paper reviews.	A quick question: we haven t received your invoice for the last few model / paper reviews.	Please, make sure that we are billed.
Jenette: please put this tentatively on my schedule.			Jenette: please put this tentatively on my schedule.
Please coordinate a response in a	EES team -. Please see attached note and information.	Please see attached note and information.	Please coordinate a response in a timely manner.
Please replace the other deal team list as there were several mistakes on the			Please replace the other deal team list as there were several mistakes on the last one sent out.
please  fix  my calendar.			please fix my calendar.
Please make sure this gets taken care of.	Group. We have 10 MW of length from Sierra through the APX light load at 185.. Stan purchased this NP15 length from the APX and it should be scheduled DA by Jeremy.. There should be a ECTRT load zone in PGE3 with this length.. Use whatever opportunities are out there dynegy across COB or a straight export to maximize this position.. The deal numbers are: 581335-purchase from APX and 581356-desk to desk deal.	The deal numbers are: 581335-purchase from APX and 581356-desk to desk deal.	Please make sure this gets taken care of.
Mike, can you follow up with the team, Chris and Sue to be sure we are			Mike, can you follow up with the team, Chris and Sue to be sure we are all on the same page on this issue?
In the future please put me on all notices about counterparty trading.	Russell,	Russell,	In the future please put me on all notices about counterparty trading.
Please, put it on my calendar.	Shirley,	Shirley,	Please, put it on my calendar.
Also please call me -202.466.9150.	Hap -- Please discuss with Mary Hain, Sue Mara and Alan Comnes for their review.	Hap -- Please discuss with Mary Hain, Sue Mara and Alan Comnes for their review.	Also please call me PHONE .
Check it out here  http://footballguys.com/wall2001.cfm You can add your	/ / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /. Wall of Champs Is Up!. Some sites attempt to impress you with titles won by the guys running the site.. I ve found most people are just slightly more interested in winning THEIR own league.. Footballguys.com is built on the concept of giving YOU information to win YOUR league and tons of you have done just that.. If you ve made your playoffs or won your league, let the world know about it.. We ve got our Wall of Champs up and running and waiting for you.	We ve got our Wall of Champs up and running and waiting for you.	Check it out here http://footballguys.com/wall2001.cfm You can add your team here http://footballguys.com/addwall.cfm There s not much better than flaunting your success in front of your league members...
Can you send it to her?	Thanks very much.. It needs to go to Bev.. I don t have her email address, though.	I don t have her email address, though.	Can you send it to her?
Please email as soon as possible to the address below.	Frank:	Frank:	Please email as soon as possible to the address below.
Relations and Training, please complete and submit this form:	Message sent from the pjm-customer-info mailing list at pjm-customer-info majordomo.pjm.com:. PJM announces the publication of the December issue of PJM Market News.. This bi-monthly newsletter gives updates on PJM Market activity and information.. This issue gives an explanation of the PJM Market Model, and discusses an recent analysis of transmission congestion in PJM.. The newsletter may be found on the PJM web site at http://www.pjm.com/market system data/market news.htm. Please DO NOT REPLY to this message.	Please DO NOT REPLY to this message.	If you have a question for PJM Customer Relations and Training, please complete and submit this form: http://www.pjm.com/contact/questions.html
Can you forward the resume to Mike and/or other finance professionals	Larry,. Thanks.	Thanks.	Can you forward the resume to Mike and/or other finance professionals in Enron who could use James?
Also please email your phone numbers for future reference.	Golf is scheduled for 2pm Saturday.. Lousy start time but evidently they have a tournament of some sort on Saturday morning.. Let me know if you can play or not.. It is only you and I.. Phone numbers are: work PHONE .. Home PHONE .	Home PHONE .	Also please email your phone numbers for future reference.
Can you comment on the Reservation charge change that happened 6/1/2000?	Jeff,	Jeff,	Can you comment on the Reservation charge change that happened 6/1/2000?
Please carefully read the section that applies to you:	THE TIME CARD MODULE IS AVAILABLE FOR EMPLOYEE USE ON THURSDAY, DECEMBER 14, 2000	THE TIME CARD MODULE IS AVAILABLE FOR EMPLOYEE USE ON THURSDAY, DECEMBER 14, 2000	Please carefully read the section that applies to you:
Please contact Mark and provide him with the documentation he needs.			Please contact Mark and provide him with the documentation he needs.
If you have deals left, please re-calc tomorrow to see if they go away.	Do your gas books have any gas deals left?. There were 23,000 deals missed in the kill exercise performed by IT.	There were 23,000 deals missed in the kill exercise performed by IT.	If you have deals left, please re-calc tomorrow to see if they go away.
Please forward to Advisory Committee			Please forward to Advisory Committee
Please give me your feedback.	I m putting the finishing touches on the agenda for the Management Conference.. With General Norman Schwarzkopf and Gary Hamel scheduled to speak, this year s program is superb.. Currently, there is time on the agenda to include two 30 minute business unit presentations or another outside speaker.. Since we already have four external speakers and last year s feedback indicated an interest in hearing from internal leadership, I am proposing the business unit presentations -- specifically, Global Markets and Industrial Markets.	Since we already have four external speakers and last year s feedback indicated an interest in hearing from internal leadership, I am proposing the business unit presentations -- specifically, Global Markets and Industrial Markets.	Please give me your feedback.
To register, visit http:// jonesgsm.rice.edu/jonesgsm/EE Special Events.asp   and make sure to put Faculty, Staff or Student in the  Title  line in order to receive the complimentary registration.	Prof. Bala Dharan delivers a special lecture on The Enron Meltdown: Was it an Accounting Failure, A Business Failure or a Regulatory Failure?. What Can We Learn?. from 7 to 9:30 p.m. on Thursday, January 31, at McMurtry Auditorium in Duncan Hall.. Dharan will discuss various issues and address these questions: Were there red flags?. Could we have spotted problems last year?. Were there problems with the application of accounting standards or with the standards themselves?. What were the accounting issues with SPEs and related parties?. What can we learn from this sad event that has destroyed 80 billion and robbed thousands of employees of their jobs and life savings?. We are now opening registration up to faculty, staff and students for free on a space available basis.	We are now opening registration up to faculty, staff and students for free on a space available basis.	To register, visit http:// jonesgsm.rice.edu/jonesgsm/EE Special Events.asp and make sure to put Faculty, Staff or Student in the Title line in order to receive the complimentary registration.
take a look please.			take a look please.
Also, please confirm whether you need financials for ENA or for all worldwide	Please confirm that this is the counterparty previously approved for online trading for EOL under the same name and identified as CP ID 77297.	Please confirm that this is the counterparty previously approved for online trading for EOL under the same name and identified as CP ID 77297.	Also, please confirm whether you need financials for ENA or for all worldwide financial product trading categories.
Please provide and notice and account information for the discussed			Please provide and notice and account information for the discussed confirmation to both Joe Hunter and Souad Mahmassani.
Please also copy Mr. Jim Fernie on messages to Enron relating to the Hoegh	Capt.. Kvammen,. Thank you for the details on the bunkering.. Please note that Todd Peterson has resigned from Enron.. Mr Paul Y Barbo has assumed Todd s responsibilities.. Paul s e-mail address is in the list of recipients of this message above .	Paul s e-mail address is in the list of recipients of this message above .	Please also copy Mr. Jim Fernie on messages to Enron relating to the Hoegh Galleon.
your case, can you fill in the blank .	Brent Peggy,. Memo complete with exception of last paragraph write-up of your promotions.	Memo complete with exception of last paragraph write-up of your promotions.	Sally made a beginning stab at it, but would like you to read over your segment and make any corrections or additions that you see fit Peggy, in your case, can you fill in the blank .
Could you set up my SDI direct line on my turrett today please.	Dan,	Dan,	Could you set up my SDI direct line on my turrett today please.
are, please change this?	Deal 457758.1 for 11/14/00, HE 7 shows 25mw 175, TNP shows 150, the El Paso model shows 150.. I believe tehy are correct.	I believe tehy are correct.	Can you please tell me who is right and if they are, please change this?
Please login to iBuyit Payables and resolve this invoice as soon as possible.	Please do not reply to this e-mail.. You are receiving this message because you have an unresolved invoice in your iBuyit Payables in-box that is past due.	You are receiving this message because you have an unresolved invoice in your iBuyit Payables in-box that is past due.	Please login to iBuyit Payables and resolve this invoice as soon as possible.
Please change the Sitara tickets dating back to January 2000 and let me know			Please change the Sitara tickets dating back to January 2000 and let me know when you are finished.
or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at  713  345-8897	The message cannot be delivered to the following address.. garry frederickson intavmlr.mailservices.scm Mailbox unknown or not accepting mail.. 550 garry frederickson intavmlr.mailservices.scm .... User unknown. At the request of David Forster, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.. Could you please confirm that we have the correct name of the company.. If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no PHONE .. I will then have it executed by Enron.	I will then have it executed by Enron.	If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at PHONE or me at PHONE .
Could you give me a quick update please.	Hi Tana,. Our legal dept.. informed me that Houston would deal with inquiries reg.. Japan pls see e-mail below .	Japan pls see e-mail below .	Could you give me a quick update please.
Please correct if possible.	Angela, by the way I was not CEO of ENW I was Vice Chairman and COO.. Whalley was and is CEO.	Whalley was and is CEO.	Please correct if possible.
Please print the exhibits and fax to me it home.	Hi Suz,	Hi Suz,	Please print the exhibits and fax to me it home.
Please make sure these individuals know that they have been designated.			Please make sure these individuals know that they have been designated.
Can you can hit on Wed  lunch or afternoon fine for me ?	next wspp meeting is on aug 10 at the broadmore in colorado maybe they have a tennis clinic and we could stay the week-end. This communication is CONFIDENTIAL and protected by the ATTORNEY-CLIENT and WORK PRODUCT privileges.. Dede Russo Senior Attorney Reliant Energy Law Department 1111 Louisiana Houston, TX 77002 Phone: PHONE Fax: PHONE E-Mail: drusso reliantenergy.com. Hi	Hi	Can you can hit on Wed lunch or afternoon fine for me ?
Please let Kevin know when you ve had a chance to review, correct	I ve taken the oars at trying to revise this list.. Please look over and make changes as appropriate.. I ve double struck the ones I thought we should delete, and have shaded in blue those cells which need to be corrected or filled-in.	I ve double struck the ones I thought we should delete, and have shaded in blue those cells which need to be corrected or filled-in.	Please let Kevin know when you ve had a chance to review, correct and approve.
Please advise whether you plan to attend the Enron sponsored luncheon that			Please advise whether you plan to attend the Enron sponsored luncheon that will take place at the George R. Brown Convention Center on Wednesday Nov. 15, at 12:30 PM.
Please call me at 281-679-3591, or reply to this e-mail with any questions you	Forwarded by Frank Ermis/HOU/ECT on 02/28/2001 07:21 AM. Lodi Gas Storage is under construction!. We have started shop fabrication of the facilities piping for the Lodi Gas Storage Project.. You will be seeing frequent updates on the progress of this high deliverability Northern California storage facility.. The attached memo describes an open season we are conducting for 4.5 BCF of Inventory Capacity and 150 MMCF/D of Injection and Withdrawal Capacity.	The attached memo describes an open season we are conducting for 4.5 BCF of Inventory Capacity and 150 MMCF/D of Injection and Withdrawal Capacity.	Please call me at PHONE , or reply to this e-mail with any questions you may have.
Please contact him after our Thursday SCADA conference call.	Klaus, I spoke with Hollis.. He sounds fine.. He is not sure when he will be back to work.. They still do not know exactly what happened.. I spoke with Mark Fisher.. He is in Hollis group.. He can support your request, but he needs more information.	He can support your request, but he needs more information.	Please contact him after our Thursday SCADA conference call.
Please verify that I have the current info for you:			Please verify that I have the current info for you:
Can you co-ordinate weather, reg and structuring.			Can you co-ordinate weather, reg and structuring.
process, please call the PEP Help Desk at the following numbers:	NOTE: YOU WILL RECEIVE THIS MESSAGE EACH TIME YOU ARE SELECTED AS A REVIEWER.. You have been selected to participate in the Mid-Year 2000 Performance Management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee s that have been identified for you.. Your feedback plays an important role in the performance management process, and your participation is very critical to the success of Enron s Performance Management goals.. Please provide feedback on the employee s listed below by accessing the Performance Management System PEP and completing an online feedback form as described in the Performance Management Quick Reference Guide .. You may begin your feedback input immediately.. Please have all feedback forms completed by the date noted below.	Please have all feedback forms completed by the date noted below.	If you have any questions regarding PEP or your responsibility in the process, please call the PEP Help Desk at the following numbers:
Can you go ahead and give Dave a call to work on Canadian Master	Peter and Mark	Peter and Mark	Can you go ahead and give Dave a call to work on Canadian Master
Please confirm this is ok.	Added.. I ve also added this group s two Pilot Users to the schedule for this Thursday, April 26th.	I ve also added this group s two Pilot Users to the schedule for this Thursday, April 26th.	Please confirm this is ok.
Could you resend	cataract KAT-uh-rakt noun. 1.. A large or high waterfall.. 2.. A great downpour; a deluge.. 3.. Opacity of the lens or capsule of the eye, causing impairment of vision or blindness.. Middle English cataracte, from Old French, from Latin cataracta, from Greek katarraktes, kataraktes, probably from katarassein, to dash down : kat-, kata-, cata- arassein, to strike.. The cataracts blow their trumpets from the steep No more shall grief of mine the season wrong; I hear the Echoes through the mountains throng, The Winds come to me from the fields of sleep.. William Wordsworth, Ode: Intimations of Immortality from Recollections of Early Childhood.. Have you seen the poem about a little girl who, with a lantern in her hands, goes out in a snowstorm to light the path of her mother coming back from town?. Later, her parents go out to look for her, following her footprints in the snow when we discover, And further there were none!. My heart skipped a beat when I came across those five words.. I m talking about Lucy Gray, a poem by William Wordsworth http://www.bartleby.com/145/ww158.html , that I read in my early school days.. Later, the emphasis on math and science, and subsequent studies of computer science in college and grad school, blotted out the world of poetry.. I forgot the name of the poet and other details of the poem but it has been haunting me ever since.. Recently, while researching some words, I came across the poem again and realized it had never really left me.. Does a poem ever do?. What is it in poetry that moves us so much?. Perhaps it is a reminder that no matter how tough, and worldly-wise we may or try to be, deep inside all of us have the heart of a child.. In this week s AWAD, I ll present words from some of my favorite poets.. Why don t you email me anu wordsmith.org about your favorite poets and their poems?. -Anu. ............................................................................. The first human who hurled an insult instead of a stone was the founder of civilization.. -Sigmund Freud, neurologist, founder of psychoanalysis PHONE . Q: Some time ago you featured a quote/word about x in AWAD.	Q: Some time ago you featured a quote/word about x in AWAD.	Could you resend it?
Please call me and let me know when the system will be working correctly and	Beth Perlman tells me that you are in charge on this system.. It does not work.. I thought that this was going to be corrected last week.. I am confused about why we are using a system that does not work.. I understand that there are bugs in the system.. Was the system tested before being put into production?. I tried to reach you by phone.. You were unavailable and I could not leave a voice mail because that was full.. I talked with Torey Hayden and verbally okayed the access for Bob Hall.	I talked with Torey Hayden and verbally okayed the access for Bob Hall.	Please call me and let me know when the system will be working correctly and how you are going to manage these approvals in the interim while the system is not functioning.
please provide any comments youy might have today if possible.	Please see attached term sheet.	Please see attached term sheet.	We are getting close with them on price, so please provide any comments youy might have today if possible.
Please forward me your opinions on these issues/questions with a cc to Ben	Sheila:. Ben asked me to check with you on two issues related to ENA s Cash Flow Interest Agreement CFIA with OCLP.. 1.. Does ENA have any rights with regard to preventing Aquila OCLP s new owner from materially amending/selling any of OCLP s assets or contracts?. My recollection/interpretation of the CFIA is that ENA must be notified of any transaction involving OCLP assets/contracts greater than 100K, and that if such transaction is determined to be with an affiliate of OCLP then ENA has a topping right to provide a superior offer.. 2.. Does ENA have the right to assign the CFIA?. If so, are there any conditions/restrictions on such an assignment?. Would ENA be prevented in any way from assigning the CFIA to an affiliate entity and then selling the member interests in such an entity to a third party?. My interpretation of Section 13.4 of the CFIA is that Enron can assign the CFIA to an Enron affiliate without OCLP s consent.. The CFIA appears to be silent on the issue of assignment to a non-Enron party.	The CFIA appears to be silent on the issue of assignment to a non-Enron party.	Please forward me your opinions on these issues/questions with a cc to Ben and Mike.
Please review your fourth quarter files and provide to me,	Are you shittin me?. Do we do this every quarter?. DF. Please provide to me the materials, if any, described below that may exist in your organization as soon as you can.. The fourth quarter 1999 report to the Commerce Department in compliance with the anti-boycott provisions of the Export Administration Act is due by January 31, 2000.	The fourth quarter 1999 report to the Commerce Department in compliance with the anti-boycott provisions of the Export Administration Act is due by January 31, 2000.	Please review your fourth quarter files and provide to me, by January 21, 2000, any language, oral or written, in any communication to or from any company or person in your area of responsibility during the fourth quarter which might have been boycott-related.
please give me a call.	Larry, I have added what information that we could come up with, however if we find anything else I will forward it to you.	Larry, I have added what information that we could come up with, however if we find anything else I will forward it to you.	If you have any questions please give me a call.
Please prepare a term sheet which can be used as a Indicative Proposal for	Please include the following changes to the item listed as b. in the below email. b.. The floating price will be the Median of the High/Low of the Day Rate Range for the Rigtype listed as JU-Over 300 -IC as posted in Offshore Data Services Gulf of Mexico Weekly Rig Locator, Gulf of Mexico Rig Utilization and Day Rates each Friday of the month.. Mark, the price listed on Friday the 7th, will be for the first 7 days of the month. Forwarded by John Peyton/HOU/ECT on 06/22/2000 06:54 PM. Mark,	Mark,	Please prepare a term sheet which can be used as a Indicative Proposal for our potential first Day Rate transaction.
Please respond no later than 10 a.m. on Wednesday, April 25.	OK for me.. Tana/Kelly/Karen:. The product long description below will fall under the new product type US Steel Cold Rolled Plate Phy.. Credit Tom Moran has approved copying the profiles for the new product type from the following:. US Steel Hot Rolled Phy	US Steel Hot Rolled Phy	Please respond no later than 10 a.m. on Wednesday, April 25.
simon, can we please get it on cd			maureen, here is the presentation simon, can we please get it on cd steve, good luck
Please add add a link called  Plant Outages  portland , to the Gas	Amanda,	Amanda,	Please add add a link called Plant Outages portland , to the Gas Fundamentals website under the Power tab.
Please respond to  nmann erac.com	6 months goes by quickly.	6 months goes by quickly.	Neil Mann nmann erac.com on 06/06/2001 11:07:22 AM Please respond to nmann erac.com To: C. Kay Mann E-mail Kay.Mann Enron.com cc:
Please reply with credit response to complete the	Jay,. Please review Southwest Royalties for our comfort with paying them earlier in the billing cycle.. Please keep in mind that our payable can be used as an offset against any MTM exposure.. Let me know.. Thanks, Bill. Hello,. Please review the attached spreadsheet for credit review.. The customer requesting access to the Financial Management Module is Southwest Realities, Inc. CPID - 2912 .	The customer requesting access to the Financial Management Module is Southwest Realities, Inc. CPID - 2912 .	Please reply with credit response to complete the application process.
Please add our contact information to your database.			Please add our contact information to your database.
Please give me a call.	Kay,	Kay,	Please give me a call.
Please print and review to let me know if there is anything stupid in these.			Please print and review to let me know if there is anything stupid in these.
Please review the attached letter and forward comments to me ASAP, so that I may forward them to Anne.			Please review the attached letter and forward comments to me ASAP, so that I may forward them to Anne.
n send a composite to Greg, you and Chris.	Kay. Here is an overview of what projects are active:. 1.. Midway - Greg Krause. The hot item is a Property Owners Association Agreement that will be entere d into between Midway Development Company, L.L.C.. MDC and Cooney-Midway Groves the owner of the property on which MDC has an option to purchase .. The agreement will not be entered into or effective until MDC has given n otice it will proceed with the project and, thus, we control the trigger .. I have asked Chris Boehler at A K to turn a redline draft that incorporat es changes that Greg and I discussed last week with he and Darren Inoff.. David Layman at Greenburg Traurig our Florida counsel also needs to incor porate some changes now that the platting has been done.. Chris is to send his redline to Greg, David and you.	Chris is to send his redline to Greg, David and you.	David is to make his additions and the n send a composite to Greg, you and Chris.
Please do call at any time if there are any problems.	Rahul, David did put in a bid for 330,000 shares with a cap of 12 this afternoon.. The order was placed with Graham Cook, Goldman Sachs International Desk, in Chicago.. Daivd also gave him the name and number of Vijay in Hong Kong.. We are working with Lauren and Sara to get an account set up to settle the trade for Enron India LLC.. Please do not hesitate to call if questions.. Sheila. Forwarded by Sheila Glover/HOU/ECT on 06/09/2000 04:20 PM. Hi David Sheila,. As you will see from the DASH that Rajesh Agarwal is separately faxing to you, Rediff.com India Limited is issuing American Depository Shares ADSs. As discussed, we would like to bid for 4 mn equivalent at the clearing price, subject to a maximum price of 12 per ADS.. This works out to approx.. 333,333 shares - however if the clearing price is lower, then we would get a higher number of shares.. We would appreciate it if you could put in a word to your contact at Goldman to let them know that the order is coming in.. Our contact in Goldman Sachs, Hong Kong is Vijay Karnani: PHONE 1685 W , PHONE 3719 M , vijay.karnani gs.com. Our contact information is :. Rahul Basu PHONE W PHONE Fax PHONE 239 Mobile. Rajesh Agarwal PHONE W PHONE Fax PHONE 937 M	Rajesh Agarwal PHONE W PHONE Fax PHONE 937 M	Please do call at any time if there are any problems.
Call me to discuss the timing of drafting such an LOI.	Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 02/12/2001 05:21 PM. Fred:. Why wouldn t we structure this like the AES Calvert agreement?. Kay:. I talked with PSEG this morning.. PSEG would like to negotiate and sign a binding LOI regarding the Kendall project site in Illinois prior to negotiating and executing the Definitive SPA.. The specifics of this LOI are:. PSEG would pay an up-front 300,000 payment to ENA This payment would be non-refundable unless PSEG discovered a fatal flaw in the project we will have to carefully define this concept The binding LOI would establish a date by which the SPA would be executed or PSEG would forfeit the up-front payment The 2.7 MM balance of the Purchase Price would be due upon closing signing the SPA and transferring the member interests .. I believe that PSEG is getting nervous that we may close on the Kendall LLC with another Buyer before they get their act together.	I believe that PSEG is getting nervous that we may close on the Kendall LLC with another Buyer before they get their act together.	Call me to discuss the timing of drafting such an LOI.
Please share this great vacation information with your Friends.	Southwest Airlines Vacations has just announced FRIENDS FLY FREE to Las Vegas, Reno/Lake Tahoe, and Orlando!. We are sending this special e-mail to our valued e-mail Subscribers to provide you with information about this great sale.. We would LUV to see you on a vacation with us soon and hope you take advantage of these special savings!. FRIENDS FLY FREE TO LAS VEGAS, RENO/LAKE TAHOE, AND ORLANDO!. Celebrate friendship with Friends Fly Free from Southwest Airlines Vacations!. This special offer is available when you purchase a complete Air/Hotel or Air/Car vacation package to Las Vegas, Reno/Lake Tahoe, or Orlando by April 8, 2002, for travel April 2 through August 3, 2002.. The following applies to this promotion: - Fare does not include a 3 federal excise tax per takeoff and landing per fare-paying Customer - Fare does not include airport taxes of up to 18 roundtrip per person and government-imposed September 11th Security Fee of up to 10 roundtrip per person.. Customize a vacation package for you and your Friend today!. For more information on this special offer and to create your vacation package, visit. http://www.swavacations.com/fffemail.htm	http://www.swavacations.com/fffemail.htm	Please share this great vacation information with your Friends.
Please reference the order tracking number.	Dear Mr. LARRY CAMPBELL:. Thank you for your order.. You sold 37 shares of CIEN Ciena Corp Com at 80 1/8.. ORDER DETAILS: The tracking number for this order is: B-300-AAZM-2558 Order entered at: 11:20:15 on 12/01/00 Order processing began at: 11:20:21 Order executed at: 11:20:34 on 12/01/00. You will receive a printed Datek Online confirmation by postal mail, or by electronic delivery if you are subscribed to that service.. Questions regarding this transaction?. Contact our Customer Support department by e-mailing support datek.com.	Contact our Customer Support department by e-mailing support datek.com.	Please reference the order tracking number.
Please respond to this next week.			Please respond to this next week.
Please call me back as soon as you can to discuss	Vince, Thanks for your response.. Apparently, we were under the incorrect impression that your group would be taking Li based on Jeff s note below .. We apologize for not contacting you last Friday to confirm prior to placing Li in your group.. I have faxed Li s resume to you and hope that you will have time to review it today.	I have faxed Li s resume to you and hope that you will have time to review it today.	Please call me back as soon as you can to discuss Li s opportunities in your group.
Can you get me the specifics on the Consumer Price Index as you all would			Daren, Can you get me the specifics on the Consumer Price Index as you all would like to see it referenced in the agreement.
Please take a look and I ll then circulate revised draft to the larger group	Nony:. Thanks for the note.. I had caught that, but I apprecate you letting me know.. Jeff. Jeff: FYI.. There is a typo in the first paragraph of the gas confirm and Nancy Corbett has confirmed that it should read ... between Brazos VPP LP and Enron North America Corp. instead of Star VPP LP... Nony. Nony-. When you have time, let s discuss.. Thanks!. John Viverito Phone PHONE Fax PHONE e-mail John.Viverito enron.com. The following is from Nancy Corbet:. Attached are the form Oil and Gas Confirms for the Andex transaction .	Attached are the form Oil and Gas Confirms for the Andex transaction .	Please take a look and I ll then circulate revised draft to the larger group next week.
Please contact the ISC Call Center at  713  345-4727.	Please do not reply to this e-mail.. You are receiving this message because you have an unresolved invoice in your iPayit in-box that is past due.. Please login to iPayit and resolve this invoice as soon as possible.. To launch iPayit, click on the link below: http://iPayit.enron.com Note: Your iPayit User ID and Password are your eHRonline/SAP Personnel ID and Password.. First time iPayit user?. For training materials, click on the link below: http://sap.enron.com/sap doclib/user/file list.asp?cabinet id 265. Need help?	Need help?	Please contact the ISC Call Center at PHONE .
Please respond to  Inside UT Football   InsideUTFootball dallasnews.com	Forwarded by Eric Bass/HOU/ECT on 09/21/2000 08:15 A M 20	Forwarded by Eric Bass/HOU/ECT on 09/21/2000 08:15 A M 20	Inside UT Football 20 InsideUTFootball dallasnews.com newsletters.dallasnews.com on 09/21/2000 20 12:15:00 AM Please respond to Inside UT Football InsideUTFootball dallasnews.com Sent by: newsletters newsletters.dallasnews.com To: Inside UT Football Subscribers 20 InsideUTFootball newsletters.dallasnews.com cc: 20 Subject: Inside UT Football: September 21, 2000
Please provide me with	Good Morning Tana,. I work with Laurel Adams in the Risk Managment group.	I work with Laurel Adams in the Risk Managment group.	Please provide me with Access to the Financial Trading Agreements.
Please provide Heather Mathis with the information to update this	10/20/2001. REMINDER: EES Ohio Quarterly Disclosure Label to Customers PUC is due 12/1/01.	REMINDER: EES Ohio Quarterly Disclosure Label to Customers PUC is due 12/1/01.	Please provide Heather Mathis with the information to update this label for which you are responsible if any by 11/10/01.
Please make sure that all visitors maintain a considerable distance from the trading floor.			Please make sure that all visitors maintain a considerable distance from the trading floor.
Please check the following deals.	Okay, I m going to be gentle and send my complaints to you and let you ream the hourly people.	Okay, I m going to be gentle and send my complaints to you and let you ream the hourly people.	Please check the following deals.
Please call your ICE representative with any questions.	Hourly Power Launched on ICE Tomorrow!. !. As a reminder, IntercontinentalExchange will be launching Hourly Power tomo rrow for all hubs currently traded in the West as well as PJM in the East.. All commissions for Hourly transactions will be waived for one month.. Eff ective December 1, traders will pay a flat fee of 4.00 per side for each t rade.	Eff ective December 1, traders will pay a flat fee of 4.00 per side for each t rade.	Please call your ICE representative with any questions.
Please when you know it provide Suzanne with the headcount for the	Sara and Tana: FYI.	Sara and Tana: FYI.	Please when you know it provide Suzanne with the headcount for the confirm/settlements program on May 5th and the global contracts program on May 24th and I will take care of the credit program on May 12th.
Fran, can you speak to Brian on this issue.			Fran, can you speak to Brian on this issue.
Could you please get back to me with some guidance on this issue.	Lisa,. I m the commercial person responsible for the sale of the Alberta PPA.. I was looking for an update on where this issue is at.. It is my understanding that we need to have the bankruptcy court bless ENA s shareholders resolution for the sale of the PPA.. Have we applied to the court to hear this matter?. What does the prospective timing look like?. I m assuming that you are the individual responsible for coordinating this effort.. We are in a situation here where collateral demands 23.7MM have been made on Enron Canada Power Corp. which are due on Tuesday, December 18.. ECPC does not have the capacity to post this collateral.. It is my fear that the counterparty demanding the collateral will petition ECPC into court protection upon non-compliance with the collateral demand.. Additionally, it is unclear how any court proceeding with Enron Canada Corp. may affect both ECPC and the PPA.. It is my understanding that there may be some activity on this front early next week.. Either one of these issues may cause a default under the PPA.. At that point in time the Owner of the PPA is free to terminate.. If the PPA is terminated, the value of this asset would go to zero.. It is clear that the Owner of the PPA is itching to terminate and this would terminate the proposed sale to Altagas Services of 215 MM.	It is clear that the Owner of the PPA is itching to terminate and this would terminate the proposed sale to Altagas Services of 215 MM.	Could you please get back to me with some guidance on this issue.
call when you get a chance.	I thought we should have be taxable to the toon of 100 Million.	I thought we should have be taxable to the toon of 100 Million.	Give me a call when you get a chance.
Please read the message below.			Please read the message below.
Please send your attachment  CalpineO M 10-18-00 edits to draft03-20-00 .	Colleen, thank you so much for your very prompt attention to this.. I definitely had the wrong version of the agreement.. Jeff confirmed by voice mail this morning that even though we already included the 5.4 language in the draft we sent him back in March, he does find it objectionable and will want to modify it, so he will be very interested in seeing your suggested language too.	Jeff confirmed by voice mail this morning that even though we already included the 5.4 language in the draft we sent him back in March, he does find it objectionable and will want to modify it, so he will be very interested in seeing your suggested language too.	Please send your attachment CalpineO M 10-18-00 edits to draft03-20-00 .
Tracy - can you figure out our exposure?	FYI.	FYI.	Tracy - can you figure out our exposure?
Please send this to Scott Sefton and call the Bracewell person and tell them			Suzanne: Please send this to Scott Sefton and call the Bracewell person and tell them that he is now in charge of this matter.
please include them also.	Ken and Greg -	Ken and Greg -	I think you are the two who would most likely have an interest in this proposal, but if you know someone else that should be included, will you please include them also.
Please confirm for me that all of the Board Members  agreed to write or raise	Here s ad campaign that I found through Olivia Davis s person in D.C. ....if this is it , not so bad.. Rick - In case Enron wants to sign on...here s the info on the Energy ads group I know of.?. The second attachment is a radio script.?. Nothing negative!?. Olivia ?. ?. Original Message. Hi all,. 1.?. I have drafted an e-mail that should come from John and should to go to the Board Members who have signed on to Energy for California.. This will go out with the attached information from Steve Lucas about the legal/donation rules for the organization and the latest radio script Rick -please confirm this is it.. We will re-name it.?. Thanks .	Thanks .	Please confirm for me that all of the Board Members agreed to write or raise 50,000.?
Can you please check Sean or Dianna book because I have it checked as	Sorry... the deal number to be backdated is 456173. Can you please back date deal to 11/09-00 I spoke with PGET and they recognize this deal as brokered through Prebon also.. I am still waiting for Prebon to claim the deal.. Sean is entering the first deal as we speak.. I will let you know as soon as we have a deal number.. Sean said he is sure the second deal was done through Prebon.. No one is there right now, but he will double-check with them.. Again, I will let you know as soon as we confirm this.. Thanks, Kate. ISSUE 1 Prebon sent over a confirm for a deal traded 11-9-00 where: Sean Crandall sells SCEM Dec 00 COB at 107.00 25 mw I did not confirm this deal with them and I don t see it in the system.. ISSUE 2 Prebon is just now claiming that they did not do this deal from 11/7/00.	ISSUE 2 Prebon is just now claiming that they did not do this deal from 11/7/00.	Can you please check Sean or Dianna book because I have it checked as verballed but now they are saying it is not there deal.
Please call me at	Dave,. At our meeting regarding 2001 allocations from the ENW Infrastructure you requested a list of our capital projects.. The following email has a summary of the projects that make up our proposed 2001 capital.	The following email has a summary of the projects that make up our proposed 2001 capital.	Please call me at x34771 if you have any questions or would like to discuss this in more detail.
Would you please send me a list of authorized traders for Enron NA Corp?	Have you been able to take a look at this?. I hate to be a pest, but we are in the midst of an internal audit right now and we are being pressured for this list.. Thank you for your time.. Tom Alterson. Sara:	Sara:	Would you please send me a list of authorized traders for Enron NA Corp?
Please respond to  Clark Mayers   jcmayers earthlink.net			Clark Mayers jcmayers earthlink.net on 11/02/2000 01:59:46 PM Please respond to Clark Mayers jcmayers earthlink.net To: Darron Giron Darron.C.Giron enron.com cc: Subject:
Please take a moment and visit today s sponsor-	Daily Riddle. Today s Riddle is -. How would you rearrange the letters in the words new door to make one word?. Note: There is only one correct answer.. As always, you will find the answer below today s sponsor.	As always, you will find the answer below today s sponsor.	Please take a moment and visit today s sponsor-
Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the followin	Current Notes User: 20. To ensure that you experience a successful migration from Notes to Outlook, it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date o f migration.	To ensure that you experience a successful migration from Notes to Outlook, it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date o f migration.	Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the followin g survey.
Would you recommend we invite	Ken,. I have been working to put together the business agenda for the Management Conference in November.. The theme I am proposing is Reinventing Enron ... Again!. I believe the theme is timely as we celebrate our 15 year history and address significant changes for the future.. Attached is a draft of the agenda for your review.. I had an opportunity to run it by Jeff last week.. He was happy with the theme and the first day s schedule.. He asked that we keep the second day open given the changes that will likely develop between now and November.. He felt the second day might best be used to establish a new manifest for the company.. We will, of course, remain flexible.. However, I am showing you the agenda as Jeff saw it as an example of how the day might run.. Also, on the first day, we d like to have a spokesperson from Blockbuster speak between Tom Peters and Gary Hamil.. Mr. Peters will help set the theme by discussing the need for successful companies to reinvent themselves.. Mr. Hamil will present tactical strategies for innovation.. Our thought is that a Blockbuster spokesperson could discuss their company s experience with reinvention -- they are in an interesting situation as the delivery mechanisms for their products are evolving.	Our thought is that a Blockbuster spokesperson could discuss their company s experience with reinvention -- they are in an interesting situation as the delivery mechanisms for their products are evolving.	Would you recommend we invite John Antioco, chairman CEO, or Mark Gilman, president of New Media?
Could you please provide me with the	Alan - I know Jeff is out of town and may not see this right away so I thought I would forward it on to you.. Jeff, Andrew Conner wants to trade Pulp Physical Forward on Enron Online.. We currently have Pulp Financial Swaps.	We currently have Pulp Financial Swaps.	Could you please provide me with the Online GTC that we will be using for this product.
correct the invoice for this deal and let me know when you send it out.	Hi Gang.. Doug found my mistake and the correct price is 4.6913.. I changed the price in Sirara.. Sorry Jeff.. Forwarded by Chris Germany/HOU/ECT on 07/14/2000 03:40 PM. This deal is gas ENA sold to CES for Energy Express.. The daily volume was 10,322 dth a total of 309,660 for the month .. The price is CGAS IF .0175 Variable .02 demand for ENA transport. I just changed the price in Sitara.. My calculation shows a price of 4.6738.. Jeff, I apologize for this if you have sent out the invoice already.	Jeff, I apologize for this if you have sent out the invoice already.	Please correct the invoice for this deal and let me know when you send it out.
Please include Whalley, Lavorato, Parquet,	These are useful updates.	These are useful updates.	Please include Whalley, Lavorato, Parquet, Dietrich, Delainey, Kitchens, Haedicke, Sanders, Kirby, Sharp, Leff, Calger, Belden etc on future updates.
Could you please confirm what my reduced salary would be assuming I	Mark: FYI.	Mark: FYI.	Could you please confirm what my reduced salary would be assuming I work 30 hours per week?
Please review the attached job description for Jennifer Walker -- also David thanks for moving the ball forward on this.			Please review the attached job description for Jennifer Walker -- also David thanks for moving the ball forward on this.
Please take a little time and read through the Guide.	Denise,. A couple of questions about software.. I have used and would like to continue to use MiKTeX A windows version of TeX, the technical typesetting program .. I find it is useful for automatically formatting reports in fact I have designed the automated summary report for the turbine SPC report using this program.. This is freeware.. The TeX users group http://www.tug.org/ has information of TeX implementations.. MiKTeX is probably the best, but PCTeX by Personal TeX is a good non-free version .. Please let me know what will need to be done so that I can continue to use this software.. I was also planning to start Syncing my PDA with Outlook as soon as Outlook is configured for use .. So can I install the Palm software for this purpose?. Mark Fisher. In accordance with the GE Power Systems Information Security Manual and Security Procedure Guide a copy can be found on the Transfer directory under GEPS Information Security Manual , users are not allowed to download or install software that is not authorized by GEPS management.. This includes, but is not limited to, Web Shots, Real Player, Spinner, WinAmp, Games, Post It Notes, Bonzi Buddy, Napster, Morpheus, or Limewire.. Additionally, users are not allowed to bring in software from home and install it on their work computers.	Additionally, users are not allowed to bring in software from home and install it on their work computers.	Please take a little time and read through the Guide.
Would you please include a retro adjustment to my next check?	Carmen. My night differential has not posted to my last four paychecks.. The last time I received it was for pay period ending 05/15/2000.	The last time I received it was for pay period ending 05/15/2000.	Would you please include a retro adjustment to my next check?
Please, check with Shirley.	FYI,	FYI,	Please, check with Shirley.
Marhta, please print the stuff for me.	Didn ;t one of you guys review this for all of us last time?. Let me know--my memory isn t helping me today.	Let me know--my memory isn t helping me today.	Marhta, please print the stuff for me.
Can you please send these to the attention of Lorelie Reid at SPPC for her	Gerald, I have reviewed the netting language that was put into the confirms.	Gerald, I have reviewed the netting language that was put into the confirms.	Can you please send these to the attention of Lorelie Reid at SPPC for her review and we will get these documents executed.
Can you make a call tomorrow at 100?	FYI.	FYI.	Can you make a call tomorrow at 100?
Could you verify the	Mark,. The list below contains the 20 reference entities for the launch of credit derivatives on EnronOnline.. According to the emails that I have seen, only 7 of the 20 have been completely approved by legal.. My understanding is that both US and London credit has approved this list.	My understanding is that both US and London credit has approved this list.	Could you verify the approval status for these entities?
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Abigale Wool 12451 Louise Avenue Los Angeles, CA 90066 abbewool aol.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please print this monster.			Please print this monster.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Mark Germann 1490 Sacramento St. 1C San Francisco, CA 94109 msgermann juno.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million you greedy son of a bitch , many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please print and fax to me at 713 973 0287.			Please print and fax to me at PHONE .
Please send any questions you have to iBuyit enron.com	Order.. Pay.. Be On Your Way.. iBuyit - New.. Innovative.. Automated.. Purchase Payment Tool.. Indulge Your Senses.. http://home.enron.com:84/messaging/index.html	http://home.enron.com:84/messaging/index.html	Please send any questions you have to iBuyit enron.com
In addition, should you have an immediate need for a document requested by the FBI, please make a copy of the specific document and give the original to the FBI.	During the course of their investigation, Special Agents from the Federal Bureau of Investigation will be taking documents they believe may be important for their investigation from employees offices.. The FBI has agreed to return copies of such documents.	The FBI has agreed to return copies of such documents.	In addition, should you have an immediate need for a document requested by the FBI, please make a copy of the specific document and give the original to the FBI.
Please remove me from your credit list.			Please remove me from your credit list.
Tom and I were trying to get numbers by Wednesday, but give me a call once	Bruce did give us project cost numbers and I will have him e-mail them to you.. Also, you and I already went through the project eval.. form on USEC.	form on USEC.	Tom and I were trying to get numbers by Wednesday, but give me a call once you get the project cost numbers.
Please call Mark Gershon to discuss the attached.			Please call Mark Gershon to discuss the attached.
Kim, can someone on your staff/Peggy s staff please identify/confirm these ECC deals?	Please see the attached assignment.	Please see the attached assignment.	Kim, can someone on your staff/Peggy s staff please identify/confirm these ECC deals?
Please visit their new  website, where you can sign a resolution in support of TPA for President Bush,  or send an e-mail message to your U.S. House Member.	Capitol Building Photo IMAGE SBSC WEEKLY BRIEFING The Latest News and Activities from the Small Business Survival Committee November 29, 2001 IMAGE 1.. SBSC to Key Vote Upcoming Trade Vote in House 2.. Trade Promotion Authority Good for Small Business 3.. Afghanistan, Women and Trade 4.. Positive Economic Points During Recession 5.. The Latest on Telecommuting 6.. Local Government Run Amok IMAGE IMAGE SSBSC TO KEY VOTE UPCOMING TRADE VOTE IN HOUSE SBSC Chairman Karen Kerrigan sent a letter to Congress this week noting that SBSC would make the upcoming vote scheduled for December 6 on trade promotion authority TPA an SBSC key vote, noting that a vote for TPA is a vote for small business.. Kerrigan wrote: I wanted to take this opportunity to express how vital passage of TPA is to America s small businesses and entrepreneurs?. America s small business and entrepreneurial sector are the engines of U.S. economic growth, but our entrepreneurs will require a level playing and access to the world marketplace if they are to maintain the level of job creation, innovation and vitality that is so integral to the health of our overall economy.. Trade, and specifically TPA, is a matter of common sense, sound economics and just happens to be in our national interest.. SBSC strongly encourages our members and supporters to contact their U.S.. Representatives and urge them to support TPA for President Bush.. A great place to visit with the latest daily updates on the upcoming vote is the Progress for America PFA website.. SBSC has been closely working with PFA on TPA and a host of other issues critical to the health and vitality of small business.	SBSC has been closely working with PFA on TPA and a host of other issues critical to the health and vitality of small business.	Please visit their new website, where you can sign a resolution in support of TPA for President Bush, or send an e-mail message to your U.S. House Member.
Please send me your updated report today, not later than 5:00 p.m.			Please send me your updated report today, not later than 5:00 p.m.
Just give a call when you get a chance.			Just give a call when you get a chance.
In the memo line of your check please write: Earthquake-Peru	Catch the Wave!. Join the Enron/MDA Beach Bowl!. !. Help us strike a blow against ALS at the 3rd annual Enron/MDA Beach Bowl!. 20 This year s event will be held on July 14th at Palace Lanes in Bellaire.. 20 Come have a great time while raising money for ALS Lou Gehrig s disease 20 research.. It doesn t matter if you bowl a 50 or a 300, as long as you have 20 fun!. Call Lindsay Meade at ext.. 34551 or Geriann Warner at ext.. 35036 for 20 more information!. Make a donation to the Peru Earthquake Relief Fund!. Peru is beginning reconstruction after a powerful earthquake devastated the 20 southern region of the Andean highlands last Saturday.. The 8.1-magnitude 20 earthquake, that has been recently upgraded to the great quake category - 20 the most powerful according to the U.S. Geological Survey- triggered a 20 tsunami that crashed into the seaport town of Camana destroying more houses 20 and raising the death toll.. Up to now, the earthquake has left over 100 20 people dead, 1,374 injured and 47,696 homeless.. The people who lost their 20 homes have been forced to sleep on the ground in Peru s frigid Andes 20 highlands, tents provided by the army and by some help organizations does n ot 20 provide sufficient insulation against winter temperatures in that region.. 20 Help is urgently needed.. If you would like to contribute to this cause plea se 20 send your donations to:	If you would like to contribute to this cause plea se 20 send your donations to:	American Red Cross 2700 Southwest Freeway 20 Houston TX 77098 In the memo line of your check please write: Earthquake-Peru
Please add Monique Sanchez to the US GAS Basis products for the west region.			Please add Monique Sanchez to the US GAS Basis products for the west region.
Please indicate the ratings for each of your non-exempt employees below and	Janine --. Earlier this week, you received an email from the PEP team which included the Performance Evaluations of your employees, both Exempt and Non-Exempt.. Please remember that the final Performance Evaluations should be completed with your employees, forms signed and returned to me at EB1665B no later than Friday, August 17th.. I will be preparing a report for your use noting the final ratings of your Exempt employees from the PRC meetings and distribute that within the next week.. For your Non-Exempt employees, I have listed below all eligible employees for whom you should complete a Performance Evaluation.. However, I need the rating for each employee so it may be input into the PEP system.. The descriptions for Non-Exempt ratings are defined as:. 1 - Consistently performs above expectations 2 - Meets expectations 3 - Does not meet expectations	1 - Consistently performs above expectations 2 - Meets expectations 3 - Does not meet expectations	Please indicate the ratings for each of your non-exempt employees below and return to me no later than Wednesday, July 11, 2001.
locations, would you please provide to me the  loading range  of the turbines	You will need this!. !. confirming our conversation......reserve emissions for a nom 350KW gas if prime - diesel if standby gen set at each site. Arnold, to be safe Im going to permit at 50-100 .. that should be conservative and allow for minor excursions...... normal guarentees are from 50 to 100 load at site rated conditions.. we will probably require 40 for these units and make some mods to the control system, still determining requirements. Arnold. Guys, emissions guarantees are in part calculated upon loading range of the turbines.	Guys, emissions guarantees are in part calculated upon loading range of the turbines.	In order to get an accurate emissions number for each of the four locations, would you please provide to me the loading range of the turbines at each of their respective locations?
forward me a copy so that I can get your input into some changes that the	Rod,. I am forwarding to you via FedEx tomorrow a copy of our Energy Trading Policies and Procedures.. This document contains our risk management policies and procedures and hopefully the information that you are looking for.. In addition, I also understand that you are looking for a copy of our credit policies.. We are currently in the process of developing these procedures and do not have a draft that is in good enough shape to share with others at this point.. Once we have competed it we will send you a copy.. Until then, as you pointed out in the requesting email most of our credit terms are contained in the various tariffs that we operate under.. You will find a copy of the relevant credit provisions from these tariffs included in the FedEx package.. If you need any additional information please feel free to contact me at PHONE .. Jim Lobdell Vice President Risk Management, Reporting, Controls Credit PHONE	Jim Lobdell Vice President Risk Management, Reporting, Controls Credit PHONE	Hayslett, Rod 07/03/01 11:05AM To the extent you have a policy concerning risk management, would you please forward me a copy so that I can get your input into some changes that the Enron Board will be asked to make to the Enron policy.
Please reference the order tracking number.	Dear Mr. LARRY CAMPBELL:. Thank you for your order.. You bought 6 JNPR May 80 Call at 0.250000.. ORDER DETAILS: The tracking number for this order is: N-600-AABF-8103 Order entered at: 14:32:50 on 05/08/01 Order processing began at: 14:32:50 Order executed at: 14:34:47 on 05/08/01. You will receive a printed Datek Online confirmation by postal mail, or by electronic delivery if you are subscribed to that service.. Questions regarding this transaction?. Contact our Customer Support department by e-mailing support datek.com.	Contact our Customer Support department by e-mailing support datek.com.	Please reference the order tracking number.
You can call me toll free at 1-800-97-ENRON and follow the menu.	Jonathan,. Hope you had a good Thanksgiving weekend.. I d like to catch up with you today if possible regarding recruiting etc.. Can I reach you by phone.. If so, where?	If so, where?	You can call me toll free at 1-800-97-ENRON and follow the menu.
Please send me or Ken Lay a copy of the letter, and keep us updated on any	Thank you again for attending last Thursday s meeting with Ken Lay.. As a follow-up to the meeting, I m attaching a letter that outlines the five-point solution Ken discussed.. The governor and legislators need to hear from California s business leaders about a comprehensive solution that addresses the short- and long-term problems of California s energy crisis.. Please sign this letter and send it to the following key legislators -- and to any legislators with whom you have a good relationship: Governor Gray Davis Assembly Speaker Robert Hertzberg Senate President Pro Tem John Burton Assembly Speaker Pro Tem Fred Keeley Assembly Republican Leader Dave Cox Senator Debra Bowen	Please sign this letter and send it to the following key legislators -- and to any legislators with whom you have a good relationship: Governor Gray Davis Assembly Speaker Robert Hertzberg Senate President Pro Tem John Burton Assembly Speaker Pro Tem Fred Keeley Assembly Republican Leader Dave Cox Senator Debra Bowen	Please send me or Ken Lay a copy of the letter, and keep us updated on any feedback you receive from the governor and legislators.
Please give me a call with your questions and or comments.	Further to our conversation, please see attached draft of a GISB for your review.	Further to our conversation, please see attached draft of a GISB for your review.	Please give me a call with your questions and or comments.
assistant, please make sure they forward that information on to the A/A	1.. Only send your timesheet if you have taken time off/rotation information has changed.. Sorry, we are no longer tracking overtime since you are salary based.. To all A/A Pool members: it is important that you let us know of any time you have taken off.	To all A/A Pool members: it is important that you let us know of any time you have taken off.	To those members who are sending time on to your assistant, please make sure they forward that information on to the A/A program.
Please see the note below and respond at your earliest convenience.	Lets talk about this--you or I probably have the most to add in a group like this, but Lee may be the right choice because she is in Houston.. Thanks.. DF. Drew - I talked to Mike Moran this morning and he suggested you for participation in this corporate working group see below .. Very glad to have you.. Other group members are from various parts of Public Affairs, both U.S. and International.. Mike also said you may want to have Maria Pavlou participate, which I leave up to you.. The perspective from the pipeline group will be a great addition to our effort.	The perspective from the pipeline group will be a great addition to our effort.	Please see the note below and respond at your earliest convenience.
assistant, please make sure they forward that information on to the A/A	1.. Only send your timesheet if you have taken time off/rotation information has changed.. Sorry, we are no longer tracking overtime since you are salary based.. To all A/A Pool members: it is important that you let us know of any time you have taken off.	To all A/A Pool members: it is important that you let us know of any time you have taken off.	To those members who are sending time on to your assistant, please make sure they forward that information on to the A/A program.
Could you just give me a quick shout and	George,. How are you doing.. Well, I hope.	Well, I hope.	Could you just give me a quick shout and let me know when you think you will be able to start in our group.
Please respond to Chris.Germany enron.com	Ideally, a copy to both people would be best.. If that s too cumbersome, then send the copies to Charlie and we ll get separate copies to Don.. Thanks.	Thanks.	Chris.Germany enron.com on 04/05/2000 08:12:11 AM Please respond to Chris.Germany enron.com
Please bring your Lexis-Nexis login ID and password.	eSource presents Lexis-Nexis training Attend one of our Topical Lexis-Nexis Clinics:. Advanced This session will cover advanced searching tips.. It will also cover using Smart Indexing to narrow your search results.. Find out how to customize your desktop for easier searching.. Industry Research Learn tips for finding industry information on Lexis-Nexis.. Find statistics and other topics like market share, industry trends, and industry forecasts.. Explore industry information beyond the news.. Seats fill up fast!	Seats fill up fast!	To reserve a seat, please call Stephanie E. Taylor at 5-7928 The cost is 25.00 Per Person No Shows will be charged 50.00 Please bring your Lexis-Nexis login ID and password.
Please send me an email with the capacity/volume and projected in-service  or	EOG interconnect is finishing this week and will be in service by this weekend.. It will initially flow 8-10000/day and will increase to over 15000.. I m preparing a cheat sheet for Steve for a presentation he is making tomorrow.. There is a slide about our new or proposed supply interconnects.	There is a slide about our new or proposed supply interconnects.	Please send me an email with the capacity/volume and projected in-service or if it s already in-service for your project.
Twanda, could you please check to see if we have this?			Twanda, could you please check to see if we have this?
Mike , sue and  Jeff, Can you please track this down ASAP  and get an	Vicki,. We ll find out more and get back to you.. Sue Mara Enron Corp. Tel: PHONE Fax: PHONE . Call - Sent on Behalf of Jeff Dodd	Call - Sent on Behalf of Jeff Dodd	Mike , sue and Jeff, Can you please track this down ASAP and get an assessment of this.
Please change as required, initial and circulate for signatures.	Sara, Thanks for your suggested changes.. I left the commercial support requirement on the account because I think it is a good control.. However, if you do want to remove this requirement because of shrinking staffs, I am okay with that.	However, if you do want to remove this requirement because of shrinking staffs, I am okay with that.	Please change as required, initial and circulate for signatures.
Please check in with receptionist upon  arrival.	Below is the information for tomorrow s meeting w/Mayor Brown; note that the Mayor has allotted 45 minutes for this meeting.. Jeff, Steve and Lisa will meet in Jeff s office EB5007 at 8:15 a.m. to prepare and will walk over to City Hall for the 9:00 a.m. meeting.. IMPORTANT: Katherine, please call Darcy in Mayor Brown s office PHONE to let her know when Jeff, Steve and Lisa leave City Hall.. She will meet them at security to escort them through.. Thanks, SRS. Attn: Sherri Sera ?. This is to confirm an appointment with Jeff Skilling and Mayor Lee Brown.. ?. Location:?. Old City Hall Building ???. ???. ???. ???. Mayor s Office???????????????. ???. ???. ???. ???. 901 Bagby, 3rd floor ???. ???. ???. ???. Contact: Darcy Mackey ???. ???. ???. ?? PHONE ?. ?. Parking Instructions ?. At the corner of Walker and Bagby merge to the extreme left lane on Walker and enter the Theater District Parking ramp.. At the base of the ramp turn left sharp and park under the covered deck.. Enter City Hall through the double doors, go down the escalator and walk straight through the tunnel.. At the 3 elevators enter and choose 3rd floor.	At the 3 elevators enter and choose 3rd floor.	Please check in with receptionist upon arrival.
Please respond.			Please respond.
Brooklyn, please look this file over and let me know right away if there is	Mark - Attached you ll find the spreadsheet you sent me with notes I ve added on each deal discrepancy.. Most had already been solved, and a few pertain to Real Time spreadsheets, in which case I ll defer to Bill Williams.. Please let me know if you have questions on any of my notes.. If not, I believe we should be all set for March.. Thanks for your patience, Kate. Kate I believe you can help us on all of these if you note any that I need to get with someone else on please let me know right away.. Tomorrow is the 3rd workday and we need to make our journal entries booking inter-co at the end of the day.. Thanks for all your help.	Thanks for all your help.	Brooklyn, please look this file over and let me know right away if there is anything I missed or need to add.
please write in your password for future use...for security	Dear Richard Sanders,. Congratulations for successfully completing the registration process online.. This is your confirmation notice for Kidventure Camp at The Houstonian Club. Mail: Kidventure Main Office 2609 Greenbriar Dr, Suite 1 Houston, Texas 77098 USA Contact: PHONE camp kidventurecamp.com. MESSAGE FROM THE DIRECTOR. Thank you for registering with Kidventure Camp at the Houstonian Club.. A 50.00 deposit per week is going to be charged by the Houstonian Club to your credit card or member number.. If you did not choose to pay your deposit by credit card or member number, please make out your check payable to the Houstonian Club and mail it to 2609 Greenbriar Dr., Suite One, Houston, TX 77098.. If we do not receive your payment within 7 days, your registration will be placed on a waiting list.. Please call the Kidventure office if you have any cancellations or changes to your registration.. Deposits will not be refunded after May 1, 2001.. Your tuition balance, lunch order fees, and post camp costs are due on the first day of each of your scheduled weeks.. We look forward to seeing you and your family at camp!. IMPORTANT INFORMATION. To receive high quality customer support in the future concerning this registration process, save your confirmation number: Registration Confirmation Number: PHONE	To receive high quality customer support in the future concerning this registration process, save your confirmation number: Registration Confirmation Number: PHONE	For future reference and to automatically fill in your future registration forms, remember your login and password: Login: richard.b.sanders enron.com Password: please write in your password for future use...for security reasons we can t send the password over email
Please review and let me know if additional changes are required	Gentlemen,. Since we are moving the equipment from WestLB and into TurboPark, and since we are just about there with the breakout contracts, we need to process this as change order 1 to the Fountain Valley contract.. I also believe we need the site specific stuff for this project.. Kay. All,. Attachment contains latest revision reflecting order for two additional stacks, six power stabilizers and moving cost for the Fountain Valley Project.	Attachment contains latest revision reflecting order for two additional stacks, six power stabilizers and moving cost for the Fountain Valley Project.	Please review and let me know if additional changes are required or recommended.
but please use mail if possible.	Reminder to send in your directory questionaire.. It is required to stay on the mailing list.. June 30th is the deadline to be included in the directory.	June 30th is the deadline to be included in the directory.	If you do not have a questionaire, go to www.houstonags.org , but please use mail if possible.
Please send this information ASAP to all three	These are the questions and concerns provided by Connie and Trish.. To Dos: For consistency, Dave Odle will you please address the first four items and provide the functionality difference for Version 1.3 and 1.4 as requested.	To Dos: For consistency, Dave Odle will you please address the first four items and provide the functionality difference for Version 1.3 and 1.4 as requested.	Please send this information ASAP to all three listserves.
Please review and let me know if there are any additional changes.	Here is the revised Threshold for NG which takes it back to the 5/7 worksheet.	Here is the revised Threshold for NG which takes it back to the 5/7 worksheet.	Please review and let me know if there are any additional changes.
Please pass this message along  and help us to make sure that nobody gets	Thought you might want some late breaking news.. PL. Forwarded by Jackson Logan/HOU/ECT on 11/02/2000 06:09 PM. ?. Due to an anticipated voter turnout much larger?. than originally expected, the polling facilities may not be able to handle?. the load all at once.. Therefore, Republicans are requested to vote on?. Tuesday, November 7, and Democrats and Independents on Wednesday, November?. 8.	8.	Please pass this message along and help us to make sure that nobody gets left out.
Have susan m. call me on this guy.			Have susan m. call me on this guy.
Could you please call her when	Rhett: Here is Weyerhauser s tax person s number.	Rhett: Here is Weyerhauser s tax person s number.	Could you please call her when you have some time?
Please add this to each confirm			Please add this to each confirm
Can you please authorize my EOL account  ADM59501  so that I can transact internally with the following Tennessee Z-0 physical products:	Stephanie,	Stephanie,	Can you please authorize my EOL account ADM59501 so that I can transact internally with the following Tennessee Z-0 physical products:
Please e-mail or call when you get a	As you know, we recently did an east-to-east deal with USGT for 400,000 MMBtu/day with alternate rights to California at a higher rate.. SoCal filed a protest and I m working on the response.. In part, they are alleging that TW is attempting to exploit a weakness in the GISB procedures to the detriment of existing customers.. For example, under TW s tariff which they concede is GISB compliant , primary firm cannot bump alt.. firm in cycle 2.. SoCal says this means that any primary shipper attempting to deliever to an in-path alt.. point will be unable to re-nominate to its primary point once this alternate capacity I assume they mean USGT s is confirmed.. According to SoCal this will substantially limit shippers flexibility, including the ability to use market area pooling.. Once gas is nominated thru a pool its subsequent movement to a delivery point is defined as an al.. delivery regardless of the rights of the capacity under which it moves.. Thus by manipulating the GISB cycle process, TW and USGT will bump firm shippers.. I could really use your help in responding to this argument.. First of all, I m not sure I even understand it!. If either of you have a few minutes today or tomorrow when we could get together, that would be great.. Also -- you two were the first to come to mind, but feel free to refer me to someone else in your group if you are swamped.	Also -- you two were the first to come to mind, but feel free to refer me to someone else in your group if you are swamped.	Please e-mail or call when you get a chance...
Please respond promptly to this notice via	The purpose of this message is to update employees on the status of the California Attorney General s order regarding the preservation of business information.. Please NOTE THE IMPORTANT POLICIES DESCRIBED BELOW.. We have negotiated procedures with the California Attorney General s office allowing each of you to manage your email and hard drive capacity while still preserving business information.. Starting today, please implement the following business information retention policies:. 1 PERSONAL EMAIL: can be kept, discarded, etc.. at will.. 2 BUSINESS EMAIL: do not delete any business email sent or received for 24 hours.. This 24 hour delay will allow the network to save a backup copy of the email.. After 24 hours, BUSINESS EMAIL may be kept, discarded, etc.. at will.. 3 WORD PROCESSING FILES OR FILE FRAGMENTS: do not delete any SAVED FILE or any FILE FRAGMENT.. This policy covers any FILE or FILE FRAGMENT that you have saved on your hard disk or the network.. 4 DATABASES: do not delete any information in DATABASES.. 5 EXCEL SPREADSHEETS: do not delete any information in EXCEL SPREADSHEETS.. 6 CALENDARS OR SCHEDULING PROGRAMS: do not delete any information.. 7 OTHER ELECTRONIC DATA: do not delete any OTHER ELECTRONIC DATA.. 8 HARD DRIVE CAPACITY: in the event that you run out of disk space on your personal computer, you may copy files to the network where they will be backed up , then delete the files from your personal computer to create the work space you need.. DO NOT DELETE ANY FILE BEFORE YOU HAVE COPIED IT TO THE NETWORK.. In our negotiations we have discovered no reason to believe that Enron has been singled out for investigation by the Attorney General.. We will update you as we learn more.	We will update you as we learn more.	Please respond promptly to this notice via email an e-mail to me.
Jim, can you ensure that Colleen and Julie have the regulatory support needed	Colleen, thanks for the update - as another part of the nat gas value chain, traded transportation, with and without EOL should be a priority.. However, I think we have to ensure that we have rules and procedures accepted by the FERC that will allow the market to work.	However, I think we have to ensure that we have rules and procedures accepted by the FERC that will allow the market to work.	Jim, can you ensure that Colleen and Julie have the regulatory support needed to ensure that the market gets set up appropriately.
Please set up the following Service Type, Rate Sched combinations.			Please set up the following Service Type, Rate Sched combinations.
Go ahead and complete the draft with what you have, and transmit it to me	Peter,	Peter,	Go ahead and complete the draft with what you have, and transmit it to me with a list of questions which need to be answered to finish it.
PLEASE REVIEW IN PREPARATION FOR DISCUSSION THIS AFTERNOON.			PLEASE REVIEW IN PREPARATION FOR DISCUSSION THIS AFTERNOON.
so give me a call.	no thanks.. superbowl sunday is a big day for me.	superbowl sunday is a big day for me.	i will go out this weekend so give me a call.
those skis, check out your equipment and pack your bags for the WPO Ski TAG!	.... The WPO Ski TAG .... Whistler/Blackcomb British Colombia, Canada February 24-28, 2001. Let it Snow, Let it Snow, Let it Snow. ....and that s just what it s doing at spectacular Whistler/Blackcomb in British Colombia, Canada!. The world s top-ranked slopes already boast a 31-inch base with a foot of new powder and 200 open trails!	The world s top-ranked slopes already boast a 31-inch base with a foot of new powder and 200 open trails!	So dust off those skis, check out your equipment and pack your bags for the WPO Ski TAG!
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Christian Brown PO Box 2208 Santa Barbara, CA 93120 christian ncgia.ucsb.edu. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Attached is a copy an LOI for Power Merchants please review and if ok give to			Attached is a copy an LOI for Power Merchants please review and if ok give to Lorraine Becker so that she can forward to Power Merchants.
Anshuman:  please go ahead and complete the visa questionnaire and send the			Anshuman: please go ahead and complete the visa questionnaire and send the required documents so that I can proceed with your working visa for the US.
Please make sure that everyone clean	I just wanted to keep you posted on the information that I know so far abou t the move.. Of course, it could change with in the next five minutes so it s not written in stone.. 20. As of now, the move for the 6 th floor is scheduled for Friday 2/8 .. Not exactly sure what time this is going to take place yet.. Please make sure that everyone is packed and ready by early Friday morning... If there is so meone out on Friday, please make sure they pack before they leave or you ha ve someone pack their stuff for them.	If there is so meone out on Friday, please make sure they pack before they leave or you ha ve someone pack their stuff for them.	Please make sure that everyone clean s out their desk completely.
fact, please send me a copy of the appellate decision when issued at this	John, great to hear that you are still doing the Lord s work on this case!. Sounds like you have things well in hand and that the appeal argument went well.	Sounds like you have things well in hand and that the appeal argument went well.	Good luck on this one and please let me know how it turns out--in fact, please send me a copy of the appellate decision when issued at this email address or by mail at 1111 S. 103d St. Omaha Nebraska, 68124.
Please take the form of the Cayuga confid agreement, and substitute this name.			Please take the form of the Cayuga confid agreement, and substitute this name.
Please review the	Elizabeth, Your deposition has been rescheduled for Wednesday, June 13, 2001, at 10:00 am.. I understand from your assistant that you are available on that date.. I remain hopeful that we will have the matter resolved by then, but we were not in a position to indefinitely postpone rescheduling the depo, and we pushed it out about as far as we reasonably could .	I remain hopeful that we will have the matter resolved by then, but we were not in a position to indefinitely postpone rescheduling the depo, and we pushed it out about as far as we reasonably could .	Please review the subpoena duces tecum that was attached to your original deposition notice to determine whether you have any responsive documents that have not been previously produced.
Please print a color copy of this for me.			Please print a color copy of this for me.
We need this one ASAP -- call me with questions      281-286-7153	Why couldn t this be done with a new GTC confirm for the extension period?. Dan,. I have inserted a screen print of the deal from Sitara, this should give you the information that you are seeking.. Please let me know if this isn t sufficient information.. Thanks.. Bridgette Anderson. Can you give me any more information.. What type of deal is it.. Who did the deal.. How was it documented.. Where is the paper work.. etc.. Hello Gentlemen,. This is another contract that I have been requested to extend past the original term of deal 222899 entered into Sitara.. Again this Counterparty does not have an executed Master.. Thank you again, Bridgette Anderson. Plese extend global contract PHONE Hays Company thru 12/31/2000 and make it month-to-month EVERGREEN.	Plese extend global contract PHONE Hays Company thru 12/31/2000 and make it month-to-month EVERGREEN.	We need this one ASAP -- call me with questions PHONE
Please mark your schedules to note the change in the dial-in information for the call mentioned above.	gngr PHONE . Call Change	Call Change	Please mark your schedules to note the change in the dial-in information for the call mentioned above.
Please send the contracts to my attention at the address below.			Please send the contracts to my attention at the address below.
Please respond to EnronOnline			EnronOnline ect.enron.com 11/01/2000 10:34 AM Please respond to EnronOnline To: jhodge enron.com cc: Subject: New Product Type Approval Request
Please book it for 3	Hi.. Please book me SF/NYC round trip,leaving Tues 8.2.01 at 9:15 am, returning on sunday taking the 4:15 pm from NYC.. Also please book me an additional ticket on the same flight using MY mileage plus miles number is 369 321 854 .. Please book me at the Waldorf midtown, like 50-ish and Lexington?. , because we have an Enron 280 rate there.	, because we have an Enron 280 rate there.	Please book it for 3 nights--thurs/fri/sat.
When you get that list together could you please send it to me?	Peg,	Peg,	When you get that list together could you please send it to me?
your emails yet, please re-send them, making sure that you send an address	Dear STudents,. Some of you have sent me emails this week and your messages and email addresses were chopped off or incomplete.	Some of you have sent me emails this week and your messages and email addresses were chopped off or incomplete.	So if I haven t responded to your emails yet, please re-send them, making sure that you send an address to which I can reply to you.
O R ,  TCO 7-3  West Ohio , TGP Zone 6  Boston Gas? , would you please			-bcc: X-Folder: Chris Germany Dec2000 Notes Folders Discussion threads X-Origin: Germany-C X-FileName: cgerman.nsf
GIVE ME A CALL.	KERRIE,. WHAT S UP?	WHAT S UP?	GIVE ME A CALL.
please fill out the attached spreadsheet	HOWDY AGS!. The Howdy Club, Houston A M Club and Reveille Club are sponsoring. AGGIE NIGHT AT ENRON FIELD. It s the Astros vs. the Rangers on Friday, June 15, 2001, starting at 7:05 pm.. Tickets in the Mezzanine are 12.. The attached flyer provides additional details.	The attached flyer provides additional details.	If you would like to order tickets with Enron , please fill out the attached spreadsheet and email it back to Heather Johnson x53240 .
Please make this change in your billings and TW s plan.	The Reliant Gas Sale of 5,000MMBtu/d for Calendar 2002, has been traded from a index based price to a fixed price of 2.31 for the months of February through December of 2002.	The Reliant Gas Sale of 5,000MMBtu/d for Calendar 2002, has been traded from a index based price to a fixed price of 2.31 for the months of February through December of 2002.	Please make this change in your billings and TW s plan.
Please, send him my bio.	Shirley,	Shirley,	Please, send him my bio.
CPage:  Would you please forward this directly to Pat?			CPage: Would you please forward this directly to Pat?
please reply to the sender	I corrected my fax number and email address as the contact person on these six data requests.. KBeniga SCHWABE.com 03/14/01 05:05PM Attached please find data requests SL-SP:001 - SL-SP:006.. ????. ?. Kelly C. Beniga kbeniga schwabe.com PHONE . NOTICE:?. This communication may contain privileged or other confidential information.. If you are not the intended recipient or believe that you may have received this communication in error,?	If you are not the intended recipient or believe that you may have received this communication in error,?	please reply to the sender indicating that fact and delete the copy you received.?
Please remind me to file expense report from CT trip.			Please remind me to file expense report from CT trip.
Can you change the time zone to PPT so that the strips accurately splits the			Can you change the time zone to PPT so that the strips accurately splits the zime change for April.
Please bring your Nexis login ID and password.	eSource presents free Lexis-Nexis training Meet Lexis-Nexis trainers and Learn to research basic information in a hands-on Topical Session:. To sign up, please call Stephanie E. Taylor at 5-7928	To sign up, please call Stephanie E. Taylor at 5-7928	Please bring your Nexis login ID and password.
Dan - could you send me some draft language that we would insert into the HPL	Thanks!. !. Lee, Please review the attached GTC confirm to see if this is what you want.. I talked to Darren Vanek about this last evening and he had no problem in structuring the transaction in this manner.. I am working with Roche Vitamins, who are trying to trigger a fixed price for the remaining term of their HPL contract, from June01 to Feb02.. They want to trigger a fixed price for about 400 MMBtu/d.. Rudwell - we discussed a collateral threshold of 100,000 with this entity, based on the limited information that we have received from this privately held company.. I assume this is still correct?	I assume this is still correct?	Dan - could you send me some draft language that we would insert into the HPL contract for the collateral threshold matter???
Please respond to  epao mba2002.hbs.edu	don t make me type the math on the computer pooks	don t make me type the math on the computer pooks	Eva Pao epao mba2002.hbs.edu on 05/13/2001 03:05:12 PM Please respond to epao mba2002.hbs.edu To: John.Arnold enron.com cc: Subject: Defense
Now that we have so much time on our hands.......Please send me a list of	TIM	TIM	Now that we have so much time on our hands.......Please send me a list of products, terms and bid/offer spreads that we can negotiate for EOL.
Would you please contact him and see if he might be willing to	I am disappointed that Joe Grundfest will not be able to join us at our next Advisory Council meeting.. However Tom Campbell sounds like an excellent alternative.	However Tom Campbell sounds like an excellent alternative.	Would you please contact him and see if he might be willing to join us for the next meeting and talk about the subjects you suggested.
Jeff:  Please review ASAP, add the gas matters to Sheet 1, delete gas matters that are not essential in Sheet 2, and take a 40  haircut in Sheet 3.	Attached is the strawman.. Note that the Sheet 2--drops participation to bare essentials.. Sheet 3 assumes a 40 budget cut from Sheet 1.. The deleted actions are different in Sheet 2 and Sheet 3.	The deleted actions are different in Sheet 2 and Sheet 3.	Jeff: Please review ASAP, add the gas matters to Sheet 1, delete gas matters that are not essential in Sheet 2, and take a 40 haircut in Sheet 3.
Please pass it around.	Dear Ben, We had a meeting at your offices last December where I expressed my interest in pursuing a rotation in your division.. As you may remember, you set me a meeting with Jeff Donahue that same evening.. I understood back then that it was a bit early in the process.. In August I will be joining the firm as an Associate and now that the management at your division might have a more clear idea of your needs, I would like to reaffirm my interest in pursuing a rotation at your department.. I am confident that the skills that I have built in the past constitute a good basis for dealing with the demands of the group in the present.. I would also very much appreciate if you could give me any suggestions in order to maximize my chances.. I would fly to Houston in order to meet with and whomever you think appropriate at your request.. I am attaching my updated resume.	I am attaching my updated resume.	Please pass it around.
link provided, and please vote for a	Enter your vote today!. Check out the new poll for the cheatsheets group:. Hi,. If you have a minute, I d really appreciate your assistance as I start planning for 2001.. I waited until now to ask as I think the playoff contending folks are the cream of the crop when it comes to our customers.. I m interested in the features this year you found most useful on the cheatsheets.net site.	I m interested in the features this year you found most useful on the cheatsheets.net site.	Follow the instructions, click on the link provided, and please vote for a few of the things you found the most valuable and important to you.
send me down a copy of the comments and I  or someone else  will take a look			send me down a copy of the comments and I or someone else will take a look at it.
would you please send master  with riders  to stuart w/ note that we are			Genia would you please send master with riders to stuart w/ note that we are currently revising and will resend latest version when finished 2-3 weeks thanks
Please call with any	fyi. The new cost centers for ENA Legal for 2001 are: Power Trading Sager - 107061 Industrial Markets Murray - 107062.	The new cost centers for ENA Legal for 2001 are: Power Trading Sager - 107061 Industrial Markets Murray - 107062.	Please call with any questions.
Please provide me with the following:			Please provide me with the following:
Please forward to me by 5:00 p.m. PDT, Wednesday, October 11th.	EBS Update Gov Davis/Skilling Update Meeting w/Sempra Coffee with Rebecca Smith QF support for ENA Miscellaneous. Please consider this request for your agenda items, if any, for the next Staff Meeting, currently scheduled for this Thursday, October 12th at 8:30 a.m. PDT.	Please consider this request for your agenda items, if any, for the next Staff Meeting, currently scheduled for this Thursday, October 12th at 8:30 a.m. PDT.	Please forward to me by 5:00 p.m. PDT, Wednesday, October 11th.
Could you please provide me with information concerning			Hello , We ordered a Lap-Top for Trisha Tlapek and we are still waiting .. Could you please provide me with information concerning this.
these risks for the product when they are transacting, please meet with	I agree with Milly s comments and concerns in his attached e-mail.. A few points:. 1.. I would send a clarifying memo, and would speak specifically to Diane Seib and Peggy Hedstom to ensure for the time being that all physical and financial power transactions receive legal review.. This does not mean that Linda/Sharon have to document all of them, rather we can still leave it up to documentation where appropriate.. But a lawyer needs to review all power confirms for the time being physical and financial to make sure that the product is being properly defined.. 2.. In terms of power product definition, Milly has raised valid concerns which warrant legal review, which are market opening risk, change in market rules between now and market opening, and the size of the transactions being entered into.. There is also the inherent risks of the PPA, in essence interrutible risk.. All these risks need to managed at the front end.. i.e.. Once a deal is executed by the trader, the lawyer cannot fix it after the fact.	Once a deal is executed by the trader, the lawyer cannot fix it after the fact.	Although the power traders or originators should already understand these risks for the product when they are transacting, please meet with Davies and Zufferli ASAP to ensure that they are cognizant of these risks when they are transacting.
Please call me.	Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 04/05/2001 11:58 AM. We can do 50/50.. I have told Chris we will get him a final draft for signature.. Steve. Looks like our exposure is less than 25,000.	Looks like our exposure is less than 25,000.	Please call me.
Also, could you please add me to your distribution list?	Shiela,. Just following up to my call to you, if you could please provide any documentation to John in an envelope prior to the Monday meeting, I would appreciate it.	Just following up to my call to you, if you could please provide any documentation to John in an envelope prior to the Monday meeting, I would appreciate it.	Also, could you please add me to your distribution list?
PLEASE REVIEW THE NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER BELOW	3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D As requested, your News Alert for BRCM follows from EquityAlert.com.. To edit/discontinue your alerts please refer to end of message.	To edit/discontinue your alerts please refer to end of message.	PLEASE REVIEW THE NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER BELOW 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D
Let s set up a call for 2	I don t have the consumer forms you reference.. I assume those were sent to Jeff, is that correct?. Could you please resend.	Could you please resend.	Let s set up a call for 2 p.m. this afternoon and discuss the other items.
Please examine these billings for accuracy.	Forwarded by Steven J Kean/HOU/EES on 08/07/2000 07:55 AM. Year 2000 changes: Phone charges: Phones are being charged to the person s company and cost center where possible, otherwise rent as before.. The description will start with People or Room unless it was entered manually at the source.. Data connections: One connection is being charged for each room instead of one connection for each port in a room.. Attached are spreadsheets with the detail supporting the expenses for telephones, data ports, EDI, Enterprise LAN, Enterprise Help Desk, video conferencing, Internet access, email, and other services provided to Enron business units by Enron Information Services.. EIS billings for items attached to the room, such as phones and data ports, and people specific services for contractors, such as LAN ID s and AT T calling cards, are billed to the same company and cost center as room rent in EB or 3AC.. For Omaha, EIS uses a phone database maintained by Tammy Anderson for this purpose.. People specific services for employees are billed to the company and cost center corresponding to the employee s HR company and department.. Video conference usage, data circuits, Ardmore usage, EDI, and web site billings are based on a company and cost center furnished by the person requesting the service.. EIS bills services on a one month lag.. We take a snapshot of the Corporate Administrative Services rent file for each room in EB and 3AC, of the Omaha phone database for each room in Omaha, and of the HR company and department for each employee.. This snapshot is taken at the end of each month for use as a source for billing information.	This snapshot is taken at the end of each month for use as a source for billing information.	Please examine these billings for accuracy.
Please call me with any questions or comments you may have.	Attached for your review please find one 1 clean copy of the latest drafts of the property owners association documents for Midway Grove, and one 1 copy of same which have been marked to show the revisions to the previous draft.	Attached for your review please find one 1 clean copy of the latest drafts of the property owners association documents for Midway Grove, and one 1 copy of same which have been marked to show the revisions to the previous draft.	Please call me with any questions or comments you may have.
question about the status of your order, please email	Thank you for shopping at the http://www.LongHornStore.com!. We really appreciate your business!. The following is confirmation that your order has been received.. According to our records, your order is as follows:. Order TX PHONE 73 Please refer to this number when making any inquiries about this order.. Shipping/Billing Information: Gerald Nemec PHONE 1403 Banks Houston, TX, 77006 US. Items Ordered:. 1; 2000 Longhorn Videos Individual Games ; PHONE txvideo; ; Nov 24 - Texas A and M; ; 39.99. S H.............. 7.75 Tax.............. Total............ 47.74. If any of the above information needs to be corrected, please email customerservice totalsports.net as soon as possible.. Please refer to your order number TX PHONE 73 and explain what should be corrected.. For information regarding our 30 day Return Policy, please visit the Policies section of our online store or contact customer service by phone or email.. NOTE: The LongHorn Online Store uses a variety of different suppliers when shipping orders.. If you ordered multiple items, your items may arrive at different times in separate boxes.. Most orders will be delivered in one to two weeks unless otherwise specified on the website.	Most orders will be delivered in one to two weeks unless otherwise specified on the website.	If you have a question about the status of your order, please email customerservice totalsports.net.
Also, don t forget to check out the current issue -- 20	We re getting so many great stories that we ve extended the deadline for yo ur 20 Enron Business Extreme Enron entries to Wednesday, March 28!. Have no idea 20 what we re talking about?. Read on 01 Enron employees are famous for taking risks.. Is this an ingrained 20 characteristic?. Are we natural-born adrenaline junkies?. We think so, but we 20 want to find out from you.. If your idea of a good vacation is training for the Eco-Challenge, driving 20 monster trucks or assisting archeological digs in Siberia, tell us all abou t 20 it.. If you know of an employee who has an unusual pastime like missionary 20 work in the Congo, chasing tornadoes or filming sharks, we want to know.. Send your entries by email to sarah.palmer enron.com, by fax to 713-853-679 0 20 or by mail to Sarah Palmer, Enron Public Relations, EB4703D, Houston, Texas 20 77002.. We ll choose our favorite extreme stories and publish them in the next issu e 20 of Enron Business.	We ll choose our favorite extreme stories and publish them in the next issu e 20 of Enron Business.	Also, don t forget to check out the current issue -- 20 newly designed -- at http://home.enron.com/pubs/enronbiz/2001/vol1/index.ht m
Please give me a call when the rep. is	Iain,. First, thank you for being so helpful with me on the phone.. Below is the information you requested for the Whalley home fax machine.. I would love to meet w/you to discuss an updated fax machine for Greg s at home office.. Greg Mary Whalley 11110 Claymore Street Houston, TX 77024. Memorial/Voss area off Hedwidg HM PHONE . The repair person can come any time tomorrow, Wednesday, 8/30.. However, a.m. works better for Mary Whalley.	However, a.m. works better for Mary Whalley.	Please give me a call when the rep. is scheduled to go out.
Please mark your calendars with this date, and I look forward to	In 1925 Houston Pipe Line Company was formed to fuel a growing Houston economy.. Over the past 75 years, we have expanded our physical network across the Texas Gulf Coast, and we now offer a wide range of financial, commodity and risk management services.. HPL is the largest single supplier of gas to Entex and is one of the most flexible intrastate pipeline systems in the country due to our 118 Bcf Bammel Storage field.. To celebrate our 75th birthday, I am pleased to invite HPL employees and their spouse or guest to a company-sponsored event on Saturday the 9th of September at Moody Gardens in Galveston, Texas.. The attached invitation provides the details.. Additional information will be sent to you over the summer.	Additional information will be sent to you over the summer.	Please mark your calendars with this date, and I look forward to seeing you there.
Please give me a call ASAP on marketing affiliate issue on TW Enron Online			Please give me a call ASAP on marketing affiliate issue on TW Enron Online deal.
Stacy, please share the language you	Since NUI Utilites, Inc. is the rated entity, we are no longer requiring the 50MM NUI Corp gty for this transaction.. However, the financial swap which should be 40,000/day total for May-Oct is being documented under the NUI Energy Brokers, Inc. existing ISDA.. Sara has modified to cross default the confirmation to the Credit Agreement.	Sara has modified to cross default the confirmation to the Credit Agreement.	Stacy, please share the language you are using for the Transaciton Agreement to compensate for the Credit Agreement expiry in December with Sara so the financial confirmation can be modified as well.
Please review and act upon this request.			Please review and act upon this request.
Please contact the Crude Oil desk.	The Inland Production deal is a Crude deal.	The Inland Production deal is a Crude deal.	Please contact the Crude Oil desk.
Please take both of these amounts and add them to the synthetic storage			Please take both of these amounts and add them to the synthetic storage variance section in Economics.
Please reconfirm as necessary.			Please reconfirm as necessary.
If Enron agrees this is the final form, please call me to confirm this is in	Carol and Marie:. Attached for your review is the North American Master Netting Agreement with the revisions we discussed this morning.. Please note I made one additional change in Section 8.	Please note I made one additional change in Section 8.	If Enron agrees this is the final form, please call me to confirm this is in final form for signature purposes.
Let s pls meet   the hotel s lobby at 6:30pm.	Soussan,. Thanks.. See you at 6:30.. Vince. Vince,. Great.... I m glad that you re in town on Wed. 1/31.. I ll be staying the Westin Oaks in The Galleria.	I ll be staying the Westin Oaks in The Galleria.	Let s pls meet the hotel s lobby at 6:30pm.
office in L.A.  Enron is invited, so please forward this to the appropriate			Sue - Calpine is hosting a pre-meeting at a law firm near the Governor s office in L.A. Enron is invited, so please forward this to the appropriate people.
Please take a look at the following meters which are showing up with	Daren/Vance -. The two meters below are new and have unallocatable flow.......I will need a purchase for each of them.. Please respond with a deal number, or further suggestions for resolution so that I can clear this up as soon as possible.. Mary. Hi Guys,	Hi Guys,	Please take a look at the following meters which are showing up with variances on my UA4 report.
Please approve and forward for payment.			Please approve and forward for payment.
Please give me your thoughts on this  vacancy issue.	I am preparing for Mike Burke s signature resignation notices that provide for his resignation as an officer of various EOTT entities.. Mary Ellen Coombe has advised me that Mike will also be resigning from EOTT s Board of Directors, so his resignation notice for EOTT Energy Corp. will provide that he is resigning as a director and as President and Chief Executive Officer of EOTT Energy Corp.. Mike s resignation from EOTT s Board of Directors creates a vacancy on the Board.. We have two 2 options.. EOTT s Board of Directors can either a appoint someone to fill Mike s unexpired term or b reduce the number of directors to six.. I will be preparing a unanimous consent for the EOTT Board to sign which provides for the designation of Stan as Chief Executive Officer and the election of Dana as President and Chief Operating Officer.. If possible, I would like to cover the issue of the vacancy on the EOTT Board in the same unanimous consent.	If possible, I would like to cover the issue of the vacancy on the EOTT Board in the same unanimous consent.	Please give me your thoughts on this vacancy issue.
Please confirm with Sheila what time we will have the call this week.	Suz,. Please cancel the 930/Wednesday conference call, as we are changing the time.	Please cancel the 930/Wednesday conference call, as we are changing the time.	Please confirm with Sheila what time we will have the call this week.
Can you help me get these drafted in the next few days?	Stephanie: I am helping Jane McBride in our Japan office with the ISDA Masters for Japanese banks.	Stephanie: I am helping Jane McBride in our Japan office with the ISDA Masters for Japanese banks.	Can you help me get these drafted in the next few days?
Will you please initial the two pages I faxed to you on 8/13 and fax back to me ASAP so that I can have the agreement signed here in Houston?	I thought you were going to come by and initial the master agreement.. I can t get it signed until you initial.	I can t get it signed until you initial.	Will you please initial the two pages I faxed to you on 8/13 and fax back to me ASAP so that I can have the agreement signed here in Houston?
copy, use or disclose this communication to others; also please notify the	This message and any attachments are intended for the individual or entity named above.	This message and any attachments are intended for the individual or entity named above.	If you are not the intended recipient, please do not read, copy, use or disclose this communication to others; also please notify the sender by replying to this message, and then delete it from your system.
Please ensure that the focus is on coverage, deal flow and building markets.	Ed, this looks great!!!. !	!	Please ensure that the focus is on coverage, deal flow and building markets.
Please review the membership list and advise if any	Our records indicate that you are the owners/approvers for the O: research exotica folder.. If this is correct, please reply back with your confirmation to Information Risk Management.. In an effort to update our files as well as to do some cleanup on the directory membership, we are including the current membership list for the following NT groups.	In an effort to update our files as well as to do some cleanup on the directory membership, we are including the current membership list for the following NT groups.	Please review the membership list and advise if any deletions are required.
Please send your	In today s edition of the Daily Update, Charles Payne, principal analyst at Wall Street Strategies, discusses bending the rules and asks investors if they really want to know the dirty little secrets undergirding their lifetime investments.. He also discusses coming economic news that may affect the market and his own current favorites, which ironically include energy stocks.. Also, Dave Sterman examines the challenges facing EMC EMC and the storage hardware market in general, and Morgan Stanley gives its sanguine take on another kind of storage, Federated Department Stores FD , in a report that Multex Investor members like you can access for free by signing up for the firm s free research trial.. One last thing: tomorrow, some of you will be receiving this email in HTML format, as we test new ways of delivering you a better product.. In theory, those of you using email platforms that do not support HTML mail will automatically receive text-based email as usual.. We welcome your comments and suggestions, and we hope that we will be able to serve you better with more relevant content as a result.	We welcome your comments and suggestions, and we hope that we will be able to serve you better with more relevant content as a result.	Please send your comments to investor.feedback multex.com.
Please review and let s discuss.			Please review and let s discuss.
Please deliver drafts to Elliot Bonner for distribution to the	Please prepare draft ISDAs based on the attached credit worksheets they are identical terms and the contact is the same -so we ll actually only negotiate once .	Please prepare draft ISDAs based on the attached credit worksheets they are identical terms and the contact is the same -so we ll actually only negotiate once .	Please deliver drafts to Elliot Bonner for distribution to the customer.
Can you grant Chris Dorland all requested access for EOL trading.			Can you grant Chris Dorland all requested access for EOL trading.
Joe, couple of points - a  please check spelling and typos closely and b  in			Joe, couple of points - a please check spelling and typos closely and b in the first paragraph of the second page starting The Commercial Origination.... should end with .... knowledge necessary to reach our goals.
Please put the new hire thing at the doubletree on Monday on my schedule.			Please put the new hire thing at the doubletree on Monday on my schedule.
Could you also please send a copy to Andy			Could you also please send a copy to Andy
Please reference the order tracking number.	Dear Mr. LARRY CAMPBELL:. Thank you for your order.. You sold 25 shares of JNPR Juniper Networks Inc Com at PHONE 00.. ORDER DETAILS: The tracking number for this order is: B-170-AAXB-7542 Order entered at: 14:38:43 on 11/30/00 Order processing began at: 14:38:44 Order executed at: 14:39:25 on 11/30/00. You will receive a printed Datek Online confirmation by postal mail, or by electronic delivery if you are subscribed to that service.. Questions regarding this transaction?. Contact our Customer Support department by e-mailing support datek.com.	Contact our Customer Support department by e-mailing support datek.com.	Please reference the order tracking number.
So, could you point me to a desk and set uf curves that re messed up in production?	Now that I m no longer involved in the current problems, I m free to look at problems in the current aggregator/position manager.	Now that I m no longer involved in the current problems, I m free to look at problems in the current aggregator/position manager.	So, could you point me to a desk and set uf curves that re messed up in production?
Check out the database and make sure that I	I have moved all Portland docs the ones that we discussed to the Portland Financial Trading Agreements db.	I have moved all Portland docs the ones that we discussed to the Portland Financial Trading Agreements db.	Check out the database and make sure that I got all PGE docs and then we can forward an email to users.
Stacey, I need your help in clearing PMA s for Oasis.			Stacey, I need your help in clearing PMA s for Oasis.
Please provide feedback on the employee s  listed below by accessing the	NOTE: YOU WILL RECEIVE THIS MESSAGE EACH TIME YOU ARE SELECTED AS A REVIEWER.. You have been selected to participate in the Mid-Year 2000 Performance Management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee s that have been identified for you.. Your feedback plays an important role in the performance management process, and your participation is very critical to the success of Enron s Performance Management goals.	Your feedback plays an important role in the performance management process, and your participation is very critical to the success of Enron s Performance Management goals.	Please provide feedback on the employee s listed below by accessing the Performance Management System PEP and completing an online feedback form as described in the Performance Management Quick Reference Guide .
Please log onto the Portal	Dear Mr Mark E Haedicke,. I am currently in the process of sourcing papers for the Digital Media Web Portal and as a speaker at one of our previous conferences I would like to extend the invitation to you to provide a paper.. If you are not yet familiar with the Digital Media Web Portal, it is a unique one-stop information service for all media industry professionals and prides itself on providing excellent feature articles for our audience.. As an independent industry-focussed website we are establishing ourselves at the forefront of media providers.. We currently have a subscriber database of over 45,000 industry professionals.	We currently have a subscriber database of over 45,000 industry professionals.	Please log onto the Portal http://www.digitalmediaweb.com to view past features and interviews.
Please approve and autoschedule deal   533181.	Kate,	Kate,	Please approve and autoschedule deal 533181.
Can you please help Greg get this info.			Can you please help Greg get this info.
please print on legal			please print on legal
Please respond to newgallery sprynet.com			newgallery sprynet.com newgallery on 09/22/2000 10:47:44 AM Please respond to newgallery sprynet.com To: Jeff Shankman jshankm enron.com cc: Subject: Bisttram 2
Please countersign and date and keep one copy of	fyi..have not received as yet.. Forwarded by Sheila Glover/HOU/ECT on 04/13/2000 08:23 AM. Just to let you know, the Agreements with Goldman Sachs International in London have been now been agreed and execution copies are on their way.. Shari. Forwarded by Shari Stack/HOU/ECT on 03/22/2000 11:36 AM. Shari. I am forwarding to you by courier for each of Enron North America Corp. and ECT Investments, Inc, the following:. 1. credit agreement x 3; 2. schedule to OSLA x 2; 3. signature page for OSLA x 2; 4. annex to OSLA x 3,. all duly signed on behlaf of GSI and GSCo as appropriate, together with signature authorisations.	all duly signed on behlaf of GSI and GSCo as appropriate, together with signature authorisations.	Please countersign and date and keep one copy of each for your records while returning the others to me here.
Please comment.	Attached is a first stab at the agreement.	Attached is a first stab at the agreement.	Please comment.
Please take a look at the memo and give me your	Attached is the latest Cadwalader draft memo addressing additional risks posed by newer, illiquid products specifically paper and pulp and minimization of the risks.. My goal is for the paper and pulp group to adopt the recommendations.	My goal is for the paper and pulp group to adopt the recommendations.	Please take a look at the memo and give me your comments.
Please print, sign, and return original to Clem	Daren:. During the period of 1/1/2000 to 1/4/2000, the above meter has recorded flow on the following days with no deals attached:. Days Mmbtus. 1/1/00 3,737 1/2/00 3,713 1/3/00 3,730 1/4/00 800 11,980. Deal 120891 was at that meter during 12/99 production month, but it expired on 12/31/99.. Currently, these volumes are being booked under the HPL Strangers Gas Contract.. Logistics needs either 1 have Deal 120891 extended, 2 new deal, or 3 approval to writeoff these volumes to Unaccounted for Gas.	Logistics needs either 1 have Deal 120891 extended, 2 new deal, or 3 approval to writeoff these volumes to Unaccounted for Gas.	Please print, sign, and return original to Clem Cernosek .
Please update the attached list and forward to Jay Williams and me.	Joe:	Joe:	Please update the attached list and forward to Jay Williams and me.
Please reply and let me know!	OK, after talking to several people...it ends up that this weekend is not good for bunko and some are wishing to reschedule..once again.. We are going to set the dates of October 21 or 28th in stone.. Please take a look at your calendar and let me know what works for you guys and I will e-mail out the new date!. Sorry for the inconvenience.. I know your guys have been anxiously awaiting this bunko weekend.. Please let me know!. Dawn. Forwarded by Dawn C Kenne/HOU/ECT on 09/29/2000 10:14 AM. I know some of y all cannot make it to bunko this Saturday, but I am trying to get a final head count.	I know some of y all cannot make it to bunko this Saturday, but I am trying to get a final head count.	Please reply and let me know!
Please give me the original fax.	Martha will fax the Monday bullets directly to you at PHONE .. Please make a copy and give to Drew before his 9:00 meeting with Stan Horton.	Please make a copy and give to Drew before his 9:00 meeting with Stan Horton.	Please give me the original fax.
Also please add our Electric Managing Attorney, Felicia	Please change your service list from Blossom A. Peretz, to Seema M. Singh, Esq., ssingh rpa.state.nj.us as the new Acting Director and Ratepayer Advocate.	Please change your service list from Blossom A. Peretz, to Seema M. Singh, Esq., ssingh rpa.state.nj.us as the new Acting Director and Ratepayer Advocate.	Also please add our Electric Managing Attorney, Felicia Thomas-Friel, Esq., fthomas rpa.state.nj.us
please call the Development Center Team at 713-853-0357.	Thank you for supporting Kristin Albrecht in attending Effective Interviewing Skills on April 18, 2000.. 300 has been charged to your Company and RC.	300 has been charged to your Company and RC.	If you have any questions, please call the Development Center Team at PHONE .
Please take a look at this week s special offers below.	Welcome to MyBeautyCenter.com!. Each week we bring you the best value in high-quality cosmetics.	Each week we bring you the best value in high-quality cosmetics.	Please take a look at this week s special offers below.
When you get a chance would you redraft the CES invoice and call me?			When you get a chance would you redraft the CES invoice and call me?
2.  Please provide a copy and/or reference to a Dealbench document for the			-To: benjamin.rogers enron.com, ron.coker enron.com X-cc: tirwin alleghenyenergy.com, jhammer alleghenyenergy.com, jlapcev alleghenyenergy.com, William F Henze wfhenze JonesDay.com , Michael F. Dolan mfdolan JonesDay.com , Michael C. Gibbs mgibbs JonesDay.com X-bcc: X-Folder: Benjamin Rogers Dec2000 4 Notes Folders Genco-jv ipo X-Origin: Rogers-B X-FileName: brogers.nsf
Please reserve a conference room for the people listed above at 3:00 PM,			Please reserve a conference room for the people listed above at 3:00 PM, tomorrow.
Please call the help desk at 713-853-4777 for assistance.			Please call the help desk at PHONE for assistance.
Randy, please call me or Ron about the attached.			Randy, please call me or Ron about the attached.
Also, don t forget to check out the current issue -- 20	We re getting so many great stories that we ve extended the deadline for yo ur 20 Enron Business Extreme Enron entries to Wednesday, March 28!. Have no idea 20 what we re talking about?. Read on 01 Enron employees are famous for taking risks.. Is this an ingrained 20 characteristic?. Are we natural-born adrenaline junkies?. We think so, but we 20 want to find out from you.. If your idea of a good vacation is training for the Eco-Challenge, driving 20 monster trucks or assisting archeological digs in Siberia, tell us all abou t 20 it.. If you know of an employee who has an unusual pastime like missionary 20 work in the Congo, chasing tornadoes or filming sharks, we want to know.. Send your entries by email to sarah.palmer enron.com, by fax to 713-853-679 0 20 or by mail to Sarah Palmer, Enron Public Relations, EB4703D, Houston, Texas 20 77002.. We ll choose our favorite extreme stories and publish them in the next issu e 20 of Enron Business.	We ll choose our favorite extreme stories and publish them in the next issu e 20 of Enron Business.	Also, don t forget to check out the current issue -- 20 newly designed -- at http://home.enron.com/pubs/enronbiz/2001/vol1/index.ht m
Would you recommend the	FYI. Original Message. In light of the recent Supreme Court decision in Circuit City Stores v. Adams, Viacom is considering whether or not to adopt a program of mandatory arbitration of employment-related disputes.. Before proceeding this way, we would like to know whether anyone has experience with these programs and would be willing to share them.	Before proceeding this way, we would like to know whether anyone has experience with these programs and would be willing to share them.	Would you recommend the adoption of a program?
Twanda, will you please handle this?			Twanda, will you please handle this?
Also, can you send Peter the	Peter/Kay,. Attached is revised ESA Facility Agreement.. This includes the Optional Electric Output Guarantee for the Brazil site conditions.. Since the spread between the 8 unit average guarantee and the single unit is greater than in the base contract the LD sample calc needed some work, which I took care of.. Kay/Kent,. I also took a swipe at the 17.4 Termination language rework.. See if I what I came up with works...if so, we can use on all other Facility Agreements.. I ve added John Ayres to distribution.. John and I will be reviewing the contract Monday AM at 8:30 in his office.. Kay, it would be good if you could join us ...as we re in the home stretch.	Kay, it would be good if you could join us ...as we re in the home stretch.	Also, can you send Peter the remaining Exhibits he requested B-1 and H-2 .
Please respond to Darrell Duffie  duffie Stanford.EDU			Darrell Duffie duffie Stanford.EDU on 12/13/2000 11:46:28 AM Please respond to Darrell Duffie duffie Stanford.EDU To: Vince.J.Kaminski enron.com cc: Subject: Re: Full version
Please order me a 3 hole punch and more letter size red ropes.			Please order me a 3 hole punch and more letter size red ropes.
Once you receive this check, please	Shelly, because he should have received this much sooner, we should hand deliver the check as soon as we get it from AP if it is not done through direct deposit.. If it is, then mailing the pay advice is ok.. Thanks.. Michelle. Carmen -. As discussed, please request an Accounts Payable Check for William Craig Falbaum for his vacation balance as of the date of his termination which was June 5, 2000.. We need to provide Craig this check or pay advice if he had direct deposit , as soon as possible.	We need to provide Craig this check or pay advice if he had direct deposit , as soon as possible.	Once you receive this check, please mail to Craig at his home address, on the system, return receipt requested.
Yes,  Please send them to me for my review.			Yes, Please send them to me for my review.
Can you call me	Dear Vince,. I just left voice mail for you.. We are interested in obtaining copies of the papers you ll be using as the basis for your presentations on Thursday and Friday so that we can get these materials distributed.	We are interested in obtaining copies of the papers you ll be using as the basis for your presentations on Thursday and Friday so that we can get these materials distributed.	Can you call me at PHONE so we can discuss this?
To be removed from future mailings of this nature, please REPLY to this	Dear Drew Fossum,. I know what you are thinking another junk email to add to your trash bin.. But WAIT, before you click delete, I would like to urge you to read this email or look at the attached brochure.. This email contains valuable information about CBI s Latin American Oil Gas Event.. Register by November 22 and Save 300.. Please mention Your Priority Code of PB073EMB.. Don t miss CBI s Latin American Oil Gas - Economic and Political Climate, Financing and Integration on December 7-8, 2000 in Houston, TX.. http://www.cbinet.com/wconnect/wc.dll?CBEvent GetMoreInfo PB073. The conference provides a unique forum for networking with key decision-makers and a platform for learning and information sharing.. Hear from oil gas industry leaders, including Ecopetrol, Petrobras, Yacimientos Petroliferos Fiscales Bolivianos YPFB , AEC Pipelines/Alberta Energy, BP Amoco Global Power, Enron South America, Pan American Energy, Repsol-YPF, ANZ Investment Bank, Deutsche Bank, Fitch, Industrial Bank of Japan, Japan Bank for International Cooperation JBIC and Moody s Investor Services.. Benefit from 3 case study presentations, including: Fueling the growth of regional integration - Gasoducto del Mercosur GDM project - AEC Pipelines/Alberta Energy, Completing the regional integration of the Southern Cone energy infrastructure and energy system - Cruz del Sur project - Pan American Energy and Financing Brazil s Campos Basin project - Barracuda, Cabiunas and EVM - Petrobras and Deutsche Bank.. Plus, learn from an essential pre-conference workshop, Negotiating Agreements and Financing Integrated Energy Projects in Latin America.. Please click on the conference link below or take a minute to look at the attached conference brochure and join your colleagues at an event that could very well turn out to be one of the most informative conferences of 2000.. To register, or for more information, please call PHONE , email l.santillo cbinet.com, or visit our website at http://www.cbinet.com/wconnect/wc.dll?CBEvent GetMoreInfo PB073 This is a special email offer only and cannot be combined with any other discounts.. CBI s Latin American Oil and Gas is part of the Global Private Energy Markets Series.. For more information, please visit http://www.cbiglobalenergy.com.	For more information, please visit http://www.cbiglobalenergy.com.	To be removed from future mailings of this nature, please REPLY to this message and type REMOVE in the subject line.
Please read below for instructions:	The ClickAtHome Database shows that you have placed an order with Dell Computer with an order number of PHONE .	The ClickAtHome Database shows that you have placed an order with Dell Computer with an order number of PHONE .	Please read below for instructions:
see me when you get in.	There continues to be confusion concerning the Premstar deals.	There continues to be confusion concerning the Premstar deals.	Can you come see me when you get in.
Kay, Could you pull and send me copies of any Confidentiality Agreements any			Kay, Could you pull and send me copies of any Confidentiality Agreements any Enron entities have with the following companies:
Give Molly a call and check with her.			Give Molly a call and check with her.
Please review the protocol carefully.	Under the terms of the various agreements among certain Enron entities and UBS AG, certain Enron data and documents may be provided to UBS.. To ensure compliance with those agreements, Enron s document retention policy, as well as directives of various investigative agencies, the attached protocol regarding the process for migration of any information or data to UBS has been developed.	To ensure compliance with those agreements, Enron s document retention policy, as well as directives of various investigative agencies, the attached protocol regarding the process for migration of any information or data to UBS has been developed.	Please review the protocol carefully.
If that date doesn t work, would you please	Kay, 10/10 works for me at 4:00.	Kay, 10/10 works for me at 4:00.	If that date doesn t work, would you please include my assistant, Twanda Sweet, on the distribution, given that I will be out at the law conference for the rest of the day and tomorrow?
Please spend a few minutes reading the following overview on the situation	Happy reading!. Forwarded by Kate Symes/PDX/ECT on 03/23/2001 08:47 AM 20. California 01,s power crisis has generated heated debate over the last seve ral 20 months.. Unfortunately, this debate has generated more heat than light.. We 20 want you to know what the facts are and what we are doing about the crisis.	We 20 want you to know what the facts are and what we are doing about the crisis.	20 Please spend a few minutes reading the following overview on the situation 20 and our position on California energy issues.
Lia, would you see if we even nominated the intraday on the 13th to Black Hills?	On Nov 13th, I sold 2700 dth to Black Hills in Tenn Z6 for the 13th.. I bought the gas from Hodge on CNG.. I need to know where the gas is if it didn t get delivered to Tenn.. The deal ticket shows that I changed added the deal at 8:50 am.. The volumes must have been in Sitara because Sitara shows Joann changing the volume from 14085 to 11348 on the 14th?. Then it shows me changing the volume back on the 14th.	Then it shows me changing the volume back on the 14th.	Lia, would you see if we even nominated the intraday on the 13th to Black Hills?
Please send me the wedding photos when you get a chance.			Hi Eric, Please send me the wedding photos when you get a chance.
Can you give access to the new west power site to Jay Reitmeyer.			Cooper, Can you give access to the new west power site to Jay Reitmeyer.
Please respond to Realgy support realgy.com			Michael Vrtis michael.vrtis realgy.com on 11/13/2000 06:58:19 AM Please respond to Realgy support realgy.com To: Vince.J.Kaminski enron.com cc: 20 Subject: Retail energy proposal generator and sales management solution.
check this out and see what they	Daily Blessing 57 cents http://www.daily-blessings.com/57.htm. First Christmas in Heaven http://www.daily-blessings.com/ch48.htm. I found a really neat site that I hope you ll all check out.. With the holidays coming up it has a great idea for that person you don t know what to get...but someone you think is the greatest.	With the holidays coming up it has a great idea for that person you don t know what to get...but someone you think is the greatest.	It s called Unsung Hero and I know we all have one of those in our lives.. check this out and see what they have to offer.
Please RSVP to Adriana	PAINTERS NEEDED FOR THE DAY OF CARING ON SEPTEMBER 15!!!. TO VOLUNTEER CONTACT CHARLA REESE AT PHONE . Chairman s Award Nominate Your Hero Today!. If you know someone who deserves to be honored for their practices of Respect, Integrity, Communication and Excellence, click here http://home.enron.com/.. Nominations are open now through October 1.. Star of Hope The Enron Running Club will be collecting retired T-shirts and running shoes during the month of September to benefit T-Shirt Running the Star of Hope Mission.. To make a donation, please contact Cindy Richardson at PHONE .. Shoe Drive. Spotlight on The Houston Chapter of the Alzheimer s Association invites you to attend Spotlight on Alzheimer s Research, Alzheimer s September 19 from 7:00 - 8:00 a.m., in EB49C1.. William Theis, Vice-President, Medical and Scientific Affairs for the Research Alzheimer s Association USA will present the latest research from around the world.. Bring your friends and family to learn all of the exciting news!. Breakfast will be served.	Breakfast will be served.	Please RSVP to Adriana Wynn at PHONE .
Please state your full name:	Name ENRON NORTH AMERICA CORP. QUESTIONNAIRE FOR DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Enron North America Corp. the Company is circulating this Questionnaire to directors and officers of the Company to develop and verify information that will be used in connection with the sale by the Company of all of the tangible and intangible assets, properties, business and goodwill related to the Company s business of wholesale trading of natural gas and electricity with customers in North America the Business .. If representations made by the Company contain any untrue statements or omit to state any material fact, the Company and its controlling persons including its officers, directors and controlling persons may be subject to civil liabilities.. It is, therefore, important that the information you supply be complete and accurate.. Please answer all questions, then sign and return as soon as possible one copy of this Questionnaire to: Eddy Daniels Legal Dep t Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street Houston, TX 770 PHONE fax Certain terms used in this Questionnaire have technical meanings that are explained in Appendix B of the Questionnaire.. You should read and understand these definitions before completing the Questionnaire.. QUESTIONS 1.. GENERAL.	GENERAL.	Please state your full name: 2.
Please send Keith an email so that we may set an agenda.	Are we going to cover the western Canada fundamentals presentation and the X tomorrow?	Are we going to cover the western Canada fundamentals presentation and the X tomorrow?	Please send Keith an email so that we may set an agenda.
pls print this and hand it to me.			pls print this and hand it to me.
Savings Plan or any e-mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters, including accounting issues related to these matters, please forward the e-mails to enron.savingsplan enron.com.	CORRECTION per the bolded text below.. On Wednesday, October 31, I sent an email to all Enron employees worldwide in order to ensure that Enron employees retained documents that might be relevant to ongoing litigation.. New lawsuits have been filed that enlarge the scope of the information that Enron will need to retain.. The following list includes both the topics in the earlier email and the topics related to the new lawsuits.. Effective immediately, please do the following:. 1.. If you have any voice mails that relate in any way to the LJM Deal or Chewco Investments L.P. including any accounting issues related to these transactions, please forward the voice mails to x3-6800.. 2.. If you have any voice mails that relate in any way to the proposed Dynegy merger or the Enron Corp. Savings Plan, including any accounting issues related to these transactions, please forward the voice mails to x3-6803.. 3.. If you have any voice mails that relate in any way to Enron s public statements regarding EBS, Azurix, New Power Co., or any voice mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters, including accounting issues related to these matters, please forward the voice mails to x3-6801.. 4.. If you have any voice mails that relate in any way to Enron s public statements regarding the proposed merger with Dynegy or the Enron Corp. Savings Plan or any voice mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters, including accounting issues related to these matters, please forward the voice mails to x3-6803.. 5.. If you have any e-mails that relate in any way to the LJM Deal, Chewco Investments L.P., including any accounting issues related to these transactions, please forward the e-mails to LJM.litigation enron.com.. 6.. If you have any e-mails that relate in any way to the proposed Dynegy merger, including any accounting issues related to these transactions, please forward the e-mails to dynegy.merger enron.com.. 7.. If you have any e-mails that relate in any way to the Enron Corp. Savings Plan, including any accounting issues related to these transactions, please forward the e-mails to enron.savingsplan enron.com.. 8.. If you have any e-mails that relate in any way to Enron s public statements regarding EBS, Azurix, New Power Co. or any e-mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters, including accounting issues related to these matters, please forward the e-mails to classaction.litigation enron.com.. 9.. If you have any e-mails that relate in any way to Enron s public statements regarding the proposed Dynegy merger or any e-mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters, including accounting issues related to these matters, please forward the e-mails to dynegy.merger enron.com.. 10.	10.	If you have any e-mails that relate in any way to Enron s public statements regarding the Enron Corp. Savings Plan or any e-mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters, including accounting issues related to these matters, please forward the e-mails to enron.savingsplan enron.com.
Please post for the same time	Legale - Here s another TW ROFR posting.	Legale - Here s another TW ROFR posting.	Please post for the same time period as the earlier 2.
Stop by the store and check out what s online NOW.	http://link.ixs1.net/s/om?ei s9303 si m PHONE http://link.ixs1.net/s/om?ei s9303 si m PHONE http://link.ixs1.net/s/lt?id r1922 si m PHONE pc 82001 ei s9303. Welcome!. Zip Products, your best source for parts and accessories for 56 to Z06 Corvettes, is proud to introduce our new fully-secure online store and e-catalog.. We re working hard to make Zip the on-line Corvette leader; thousands of items are already available, and many are accompanied by comprehensive line drawings and color product photos.. Our goal is to be the most comprehensive source for Corvette parts on the Internet, and to that end we re adding new content daily.. If you don t find what you re looking for, call us toll-free at PHONE -- with over 18,000 parts and accessories in-stock and ready to ship, we ve got what you need!. New Zip Products Accessory section Online Now!. Christmas is just around the corner and Zip Products will be in full swing with our new online Accessory section.. Check it out!. Thanks in advance for taking a moment to browse our e-catalog for C4 and C5 Corvettes.. If you own an earlier model, reply to this e-mail and we ll forward the correct copy for your car.. Your Source for Personal Accessories. Zip Products New Accessory Store. http://link.ixs1.net/site/1781/content/12631.gif Zip Products is continuing our ambition to have the most complete Corvette online store on the Internet.. Just this week we have added nearly 100 new accessories for the Corvette enthusiast.. Included in our first release, new hats including Z06 hats, T-shirts, key chains, around the garage items, neon signs and some great security products.. To help kick-off our new accessory store, every item within our Accessory area is marked down 10 .	To help kick-off our new accessory store, every item within our Accessory area is marked down 10 .	Stop by the store and check out what s online NOW.
Would you forward your final wording.	Sara, further to my email.. Has the confirmation for the Melbourne HDD swap with Aquila been signed yet.. If it has we need to do the back to back confirmation with EAF.. Sara I agree that the confirmation should be in a form that is acceptable to ENA.. We attempted to put use an ENA confirmation format.. I have incorporated your comments into our latest draft.. I did this with some caution as there appears to be slight differences between it and the draft you sent me.. I suggest if you find our section 2 satisfactory then you lift it and place it in your standard confirmation.. On the issues you raised.. 1 October is correct as the termination date as time is measured from 9am each day.. Hence 30 September finishes at 8:59am on 1 October The Payment Date should be at least 20 Business Days after the BoM readings to determine the Floating Amount.. An alternative wording could be the earlier of the specified date or 20 Business Days after..... The Strike Amount Differential and Payment Amount could be worded alternatively as in the pro forma ENA confirmation attached.	The Strike Amount Differential and Payment Amount could be worded alternatively as in the pro forma ENA confirmation attached.	Would you forward your final wording.
Scott, please drop by and brief me on these.	Here it is again just in case. I think that I agree with the points and comments you folks raised in the first echange on indemnities below, but don t have the document to refer to.	I think that I agree with the points and comments you folks raised in the first echange on indemnities below, but don t have the document to refer to.	Scott, please drop by and brief me on these.
copy, use or disclose this communication to others; also please notify the	This message and any attachments are intended for the individual or entity named above.	This message and any attachments are intended for the individual or entity named above.	If you are not the intended recipient, please do not read, copy, use or disclose this communication to others; also please notify the sender by replying to this message, and then delete it from your system.
Please pay the disputed amounts.	I heard from Algon yesterday on those contracts I said not to pay.. We made a mistake releasing the capacity so ENA will be responsible for the charges.. I do not want to bill CES for these charges since we made the mistake.. This should only be a problem for May and June, I think.	This should only be a problem for May and June, I think.	Please pay the disputed amounts.
For the month of March, please provide a	Hello,. We have prepared January and February data and will be scheduling meetings with you in the next few weeks.	We have prepared January and February data and will be scheduling meetings with you in the next few weeks.	For the month of March, please provide a completed Hours survey for each position within your group.
Please review the list and let me know	I don t know any of these people.. We should probably see if any of the EES business people know them.. Also, we need to find out if people we know know them.. For example, why hasn t Peevey been a strong advocate for open access?. Jeff, do you know?. And Sandi, you know all these Dems very well -- any other ideeas?. Sue Mara Enron Corp. Tel: PHONE Fax: PHONE . Attached is the list compiled by Marathon of influentials in each of our priority legislative districts this week, we re only focusing on Burton, Bowen, Hertzberg, Keeley and Cox .	Attached is the list compiled by Marathon of influentials in each of our priority legislative districts this week, we re only focusing on Burton, Bowen, Hertzberg, Keeley and Cox .	Please review the list and let me know ASAP if you know anyone on the list and would be willing to make calls.
Please call me at	Attached is the analysis we discussed earlier today.	Attached is the analysis we discussed earlier today.	Please call me at x36027 to discuss.
Would you please review once more before routing to	The attached Q A and release incorporates comments from the int l business units, legal and HR.	The attached Q A and release incorporates comments from the int l business units, legal and HR.	Would you please review once more before routing to Ken, Jeff and Joe.
please put me on the continental flight to tokyo on sunday as well.  thanks.			please put me on the continental flight to tokyo on sunday as well.
Please do prepare execution sets of	Luanne: Thanks.. I will take a look at this.	I will take a look at this.	Please do prepare execution sets of everything.
Please review and let either Shari or I know if you	Elizabeth asked me to let you all know that MS has proposed to have a conf.. call on the 14th to discuss their draft Collateral Support Annex.. We plan to participate.. Please email me any comments you may have - in advance of the 14th of course!. Thank you,. Shari. At the last EEI meeting there was a strong interest in beefing up the collateral provisions of the EEI what a great idea .. Bill McCoy at Morgan Stanley was asked to prepare the first draft, a copy of which I am forwarding to you for your review.	Bill McCoy at Morgan Stanley was asked to prepare the first draft, a copy of which I am forwarding to you for your review.	Please review and let either Shari or I know if you have any comments or thoughts - while EEI s message does not indicate when comments are due I have a call into EEI but have not yet heard back , I have asked Shari to help coordinate all comments so we can get back in touch with EEI within the next week or so.
Please fax to 503-464-3740.	I have been asked by risk management to figure out if these deals have been input.	I have been asked by risk management to figure out if these deals have been input.	Could you please send me the deal tickets on the following sleeves and make sure they show the date of the transaction: EES Deal tracker s 4691 and 4709 Please fax to PHONE .
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	C. Engel Cleveland, OH cengel apk.net. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate atleast some of the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please send these to Kristen Clause in the future.			Tricia, Please send these to Kristen Clause in the future.
Also, could you please forward to me a copy of the signed CA for	Attached is the credit worksheet for the Omnibus.. Steven needs this to go out today.	Steven needs this to go out today.	Also, could you please forward to me a copy of the signed CA for my file?
Mary-  could you get Heidi or Lisa to check the transport rate we currently	George-. In this afternoon s meeting with Producer Services, Jill mentioned that the referenced well had been reperfed meaning they shot more holes in the well piping allowing more gas to flow out of the well and was now producing approximately 800/day.. Per Jill, the MDQ on this well is 3000/day.. You may want to look at getting this nom revised for the rest of the month.	You may want to look at getting this nom revised for the rest of the month.	Mary- could you get Heidi or Lisa to check the transport rate we currently show on this?
Please login to iBuyit Payables and resolve this invoice	Please do not reply to this e-mail.. You are receiving this message because you have an unresolved invoice in your iBuyit Payables in-box that is past due.	You are receiving this message because you have an unresolved invoice in your iBuyit Payables in-box that is past due.	Please login to iBuyit Payables and resolve this invoice as soon as possible.
I need you to find out what s going on with this point and the transport on	Charlotte,	Charlotte,	I need you to find out what s going on with this point and the transport on Channel.
Please view your invitation and RSVP NOW; it s as easy as clicking on the URL	Hi Tori,. You are cordially invited to attend Prebon Yamane s Energy Holiday Party.	You are cordially invited to attend Prebon Yamane s Energy Holiday Party.	Please view your invitation and RSVP NOW; it s as easy as clicking on the URL below!
Per my voice mail,  please respond to the remaining issues raised by ConEd s	Clem:	Clem:	Per my voice mail, please respond to the remaining issues raised by ConEd s lawyer:
Please send a list of corporate types who could act a executor.			Please send a list of corporate types who could act a executor.
Please review any prerequisite material to validate your eligibility in this			Please review any prerequisite material to validate your eligibility in this class.
Further to our conversation of last  Friday, could you please verify if we	Michelle,	Michelle,	Further to our conversation of last Friday, could you please verify if we are meeting at 1.30 pm or 1 pm tomorrow.
Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the following survey.	Current Notes User:. To ensure that you experience a successful migration from Notes to Outlook, it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date of migration.	To ensure that you experience a successful migration from Notes to Outlook, it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date of migration.	Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the following survey.
Can you drop me some directions again.	GT, I am planning on driving in Sat.. I will probably leave Houston around 9 am.. Should be in Austin at lunch time.. I can t remember exactly how to get to your casa.	I can t remember exactly how to get to your casa.	Can you drop me some directions again.
Please email the document to me when it is done.	Carlos,	Carlos,	Please email the document to me when it is done.
As soon as you add an item to	Dear Barnes Noble.com Customer:. We are excited to present you with a great reason to get your holiday shopping done early.. You can now save 10 off any purchase of 40 or more, but hurry because this special offer expires on Friday November 24th.. To start saving now, click here: http://email.bn.com/cgi-bin6/flo?y 3DeDCr0BMWHz0js0C2Sm. We ve also added two innovative new features to our site that will make shopping at Barnes Noble.com easier and more convenient than ever!. THE VISUAL SHOPPING CART This nifty feature allows you to see all the items in your Shopping Cart no matter where you go on our site.	THE VISUAL SHOPPING CART This nifty feature allows you to see all the items in your Shopping Cart no matter where you go on our site.	As soon as you add an item to your Shopping Cart, it immediately appears in a small window on the top left side of the page.
Please delegate this project and any others to someone else.	Franky,	Franky,	Please delegate this project and any others to someone else.
Can you copy me  also.	Thanks,. Cindy,	Cindy,	Can you copy me also.
Just give me the word and we will try to arrange a	Mark, at the risk of pestering, I am wondering where we are on this.. I remain enthusiastic.	I remain enthusiastic.	Just give me the word and we will try to arrange a convenient date.
Can you forward me some information regarding the French firm we discussed			Can you forward me some information regarding the French firm we discussed last week?
Remind me to check the Harry   David s catalogue for something nifty.			Remind me to check the Harry David s catalogue for something nifty.
Maria, I won t have a chance to look at this until Friday--pls take a look and get back to Bill.			Maria, I won t have a chance to look at this until Friday--pls take a look and get back to Bill.
can you send another.	th e attachment you sent wont open.	th e attachment you sent wont open.	can you send another.
Please, forward their resumes to us and we shall set up an interview for them.	Carlos,	Carlos,	Please, forward their resumes to us and we shall set up an interview for them.
Please email the answers.	Lucy,. Here is a new file for 12/15.. For the rentroll for 12/08 here are my questions:. 23 24 did not pay.. Just late or moving?. 25 33 Both paid 130 on 12/01 and 0 on 12/08.. What is the deal?. 11 Looks like she is caught up.. When is she due again?	When is she due again?	Please email the answers.
Could you fax your mutual or sign the attached and fax to 512-263-7825?			Could you fax your mutual or sign the attached and fax to PHONE ?
Please,send me your updated resume as well.	Zhendong,. Thanks.	Thanks.	Please,send me your updated resume as well.
Please change to 2 settlement periods, 5 days after each respective leg	Looks good except for settlement period.. Industry standard and for ease to Enron, a spread trade is treated as two separate trades.. Therefore, there will be two settlement periods for the respective legs of the transaction.. The file below states settlement period is 5 days after both legs have been set.	The file below states settlement period is 5 days after both legs have been set.	Please change to 2 settlement periods, 5 days after each respective leg has been set.
you can go ahead and make the changes.			you can go ahead and make the changes.
Please remove me from this mailing list. thanks.			Please remove me from this mailing list.
Also, send the wire confirmation email to :  melissa.beckett entergykoch.com	I have a UBS orientation meeting this morning.. So if you could make sure the wire is completed, it would help me out.	So if you could make sure the wire is completed, it would help me out.	Also, send the wire confirmation email to : melissa.beckett entergykoch.com
Please check to see if this deal should be arizona public service, with whom			Please check to see if this deal should be arizona public service, with whom we have transmission.
please give me a call.	Teb, As we discussed, the Omaha Iron Mountain storage facility contains som e 198 boxes of Transwestern documents.. These documents came from Transweste rn/Houston originally and related to old certificate and rate filings.. Beca use of the pending acquisition of Northern by Dynegy, Northern needs to iso late our storage records.. Consequently, were asking you to retrieve and tak e ownership of the 198 boxes from the Omaha IM facility.. This will involve having Houston Iron Mountain initiating the request for shipping from the O maha facility and being responsible for the disposition of the boxes when t hey are received.. The estimated shipping costs to Transwestern for the boxe s would be approx.. 2,200 - 2,400 .. The box numbers for the Transwestern r ecords were previously provided to you by letter dated 8/10/01.. In addition , would you please provide me your cost center , company , GL account a nd material so that the box retrieval fee 1/box charged to Northern s account by the Omaha Iron Mountain facility can be cross-charged to Transwe stern ?. 20	20	If you have any questions or if I can assist in facilitating this request, please give me a call.
Please come and meet her.	My cousin Pam will be in from Santa Barbara to do a book signing at the Alabama Theater Bookstop on Shepherd.	My cousin Pam will be in from Santa Barbara to do a book signing at the Alabama Theater Bookstop on Shepherd.	Please come and meet her.
Please confirm whether these groups are acceptable.	Are you asking for a confirmation of receipt from each individual that receives the message, or something that shows all of the groups that this message will be sent to?. If you are asking what groups will receive it, I am still waiting for you to reply to the message I sent earlier today with the existing groups that we have.	If you are asking what groups will receive it, I am still waiting for you to reply to the message I sent earlier today with the existing groups that we have.	Please confirm whether these groups are acceptable.
Dennis and Jerald--please confirm accuracy.	We have modified this spreadsheet a bit.. Please let me know what you think.. Note that these are all sales by EES and EEMC; volumes are Sep 00 through end of contract term for each account.. We are tracking down whether there are any non-EPMI purchases by EES.	We are tracking down whether there are any non-EPMI purchases by EES.	Dennis and Jerald--please confirm accuracy.
ok, just send them to TJ when you can and ask her to put them on my calendar.			ok, just send them to TJ when you can and ask her to put them on my calendar.
other participants from your organization to this distribution list, please	Dear Board Members,. For those of you unable to travel to the meeting set for June 7 beginning at 1 p.m. central, conference calling has been set up.. The dial in number for the Board meeting on June 7 is PHONE , pass code GISB and conference leader McQuade.. For those of you able to arrive at the hotel in time for lunch, a plated lunch has been set up in the Pecos Room of the Houston Airport Marriott beginning at 11:30 a.m.. Best Regards, GISB Office. The GISB organization follows a privacy policy, which does not permit distribution of contact information.. As such, all email addresses are denoted blind in correspondence.. Upon receipt of notice, the GISB office will modify the distribution to no longer carry your address.	Upon receipt of notice, the GISB office will modify the distribution to no longer carry your address.	If you would like to add other participants from your organization to this distribution list, please also email such request to the GISB office.
Also take a look at AB 1007  Wayne  relating to internet	Your welcome.	Your welcome.	Also take a look at AB 1007 Wayne relating to internet privacy I ve linked it below .
Please forward this to a friend!	Travelzoo Weekly Top 20 Visit http://www.travelzoo.com/top20 for a free subscription.. Every week we search 200 companies for their very best sales and compile this Top 20 list.. Thank you for subscribing.	Thank you for subscribing.	Please forward this to a friend!
Please respond to the email.	All, I haven t heard back.	All, I haven t heard back.	Please respond to the email.
Can you sende the attachment to all of the people  ex Enron only  on the lists  see in attachment  and copy to Par Odonnell and Mark Bridges - Dave Forster has their emails.	Tammie. Please could you set up the meetings apart from the Thursday one which UBS already has arranged.. Contact Dave Forster and co-ordinate with him.. I couldn t forward you the email I sent but it was just to the 8 commercial MDs in UBSWEnergy.	I couldn t forward you the email I sent but it was just to the 8 commercial MDs in UBSWEnergy.	Can you sende the attachment to all of the people ex Enron only on the lists see in attachment and copy to Par Odonnell and Mark Bridges - Dave Forster has their emails.
Guys can you give me a view on Q4 earnings ie  deals and value.			Guys can you give me a view on Q4 earnings ie deals and value.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	sharon block 1003 smith grade rd santa cruz, CA 95060 sharon iwearart.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Can you get me the specifics on the Consumer Price Index as you all would			Daren, Can you get me the specifics on the Consumer Price Index as you all would like to see it referenced in the agreement.
To avoid confusion - please respond to everyone on the list above so that we can ensure that HR continues to be in the loop with this effort.	Hi Guys?. Per our discussion this morning - two further items needed to complete my end of this transition of the weather team:. 1 A contact number for The Weather Channel PHONE .. It s a switchboard number but they do have a dial by name directory - that s how I get anybody I know there.. The 2 names: Dr. Steve Lyons and Kevin Stenson.. 2 My internet explorer bookmarks can be found at O:/Research/Bennett/Favorites.. My understanding is that this is all you guys need from me to complete my part of this transition.. Please confirm this - and let me know if/what you still need me to do.	Please confirm this - and let me know if/what you still need me to do.	To avoid confusion - please respond to everyone on the list above so that we can ensure that HR continues to be in the loop with this effort.
please invite those colleagues of yours that could benefit from this	We have arranged for representatives from tax, accounting, commercial, and legal to make presentations relating to the purpose, structure, mechanics, etc.. associated with the Whitewing/Condor deconsolidated affiliate.. I think that the more all of us are conversant with that structure, it should simplify the legal efforts in closing deals. especially in Q4.	especially in Q4.	To that end, please invite those colleagues of yours that could benefit from this presentation and please let my assistant, Darlene Forsyth at x37254 , know who will be attending so we can reserve the right size conference room and order lunch.
Please read email below and let me know if you are interested.			Please read email below and let me know if you are interested.
please contact Bill with questions.	I have attached a credit worksheet per Sara s request in order to amend the B of A master.. My understanding is that we intend to only amend the existing document for holding and use of collateral so that we may be able to rehypothecate collateral.. I have tried to construct the worksheet terms such that they reflect what is in the current document, but the old document terms should govern in the case of a discrepancy.	I have tried to construct the worksheet terms such that they reflect what is in the current document, but the old document terms should govern in the case of a discrepancy.	I will be out tomorrow, so please contact Bill with questions.
Please notify us	Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 04/25/2001 04:14 PM. This e-mail is confidential and may well also be legally privileged.. If you have received it in error, you are on notice of its status.	If you have received it in error, you are on notice of its status.	Please notify us immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message from your system.
call me when you get a chance.	I m going to respond to everyone on the email with my comments but I just wanted to make sure I undersand the blue highlighted comments below.	I m going to respond to everyone on the email with my comments but I just wanted to make sure I undersand the blue highlighted comments below.	Please call me when you get a chance.
Please inform me when you anticipate your respective reviews of the ISDA	Mark and Brent-	Mark and Brent-	Please inform me when you anticipate your respective reviews of the ISDA documentation and Japanese Weather GTC documentation will be completed.
company to this distribution list, please also email such request to the GISB	Dear GISB Members and Interested Industry Participants,. At the Executive Committee meeting in February, the Executive Committee created a new subcommittee, the Expedited Data Development EDD Subcommittee.. The EDD Subcommittee has been charged with the development of the information requirements standards for 1 imbalance netting and trading and 2 title transfer tracking.. The Executive Committee placed a higher priority on the imbalance netting and trading topic.. The subcommittee s first meeting is scheduled on March 13 and 14 in Houston, hosted at the Dynegy offices, to be held from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.. Please join me in thanking Ms. Hess of Enron Gas Pipeline Group and Ms. Munson of Altra Energy Technologies for volunteering their time to lead this effort.. An agenda and work papers will be posted on the GISB Home Page shortly for this first meeting.. The first meeting will address imbalance netting and trading ONLY.. If you or other representatives of your company would like your email address to be maintained on an email distribution list for this subcommittee, please forward your name, email address, phone and fax to the GISB office.. GISB follows a privacy policy and will not provide your email address to other groups for their use.. We look forward to seeing you at the meeting.. Best Regards, Rae McQuade. If you are on this general notices distribution list and would like to be removed, please email such request to the GISB office and your email address will be removed.	If you are on this general notices distribution list and would like to be removed, please email such request to the GISB office and your email address will be removed.	If you would like to add other participants from your company to this distribution list, please also email such request to the GISB office.
Please review and lets discuss.	Barry, Attached are redlines of the docs with the changes we discussed today.. Please pay special note to the Maximum Daily Deliverability Quantity of the Confirm.. I want to discuss how this limits us and what flexibility this section needs.	I want to discuss how this limits us and what flexibility this section needs.	Please review and lets discuss.
Please donate this	Amy Agigian 33 Corinthian Road Somerville, MA PHONE aagigian suffolk.edu. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Sue, can you make sure that Jeremy and team have a synopsis and outline of next steps.	After the PHC today, we should have a better feel where the parties are and what the discussions will provide for.	After the PHC today, we should have a better feel where the parties are and what the discussions will provide for.	Sue, can you make sure that Jeremy and team have a synopsis and outline of next steps.
Let s make sure to do this once a month.	thanks.. I thought it went pretty well and think it is a great idea.	I thought it went pretty well and think it is a great idea.	Let s make sure to do this once a month.
Please advise me ASAP your availability for said meeting.	Is there a suggested time for the meeting?. I m pretty open.. I d like to be sure that Jim and Paul and Mary Karen Denne can participate, too.. Do we need to have other commercial folks on the call e.g., Calger, Belden, someone from EES Yang and/or Benevides ?. Please be advised that Sandi would like to call a meeting Monday, November 6 to discuss the above-referenced topic.	Please be advised that Sandi would like to call a meeting Monday, November 6 to discuss the above-referenced topic.	Please advise me ASAP your availability for said meeting.
Please contact me with questions regarding MidC schedules.	Mike Purcell is leaving our group to move to Volume management, effective following his vacation which is all next week.. I will be scheduling Mid C until a replacement is hired and trained.	I will be scheduling Mid C until a replacement is hired and trained.	Please contact me with questions regarding MidC schedules.
Please remind me/reassure me about the Educational IRA.	We just got some more information in the mail yesterday on the College Savings Plan.. We will study it some more, and let you know how good or bad it sounds.. Some good may be that YOU could deduct the amount you give on YOUR income tax there doesn t seem to be a cap on deducting the amount you give if you make big bucks .. The initial bad I see is the 24/year fee plus .6 of earnings.. Anyway, we will look it over in more detail.. They do not restrict you to only go to Nebraska colleges, and you do not have to be a Nebraska resident to open up an account.. Josh and Jarrod could each have an account, with annual contributions up to 165,000 tax deferred , and when you take the money out, it is taxed at Josh and Jarrods tax rate.	Josh and Jarrod could each have an account, with annual contributions up to 165,000 tax deferred , and when you take the money out, it is taxed at Josh and Jarrods tax rate.	Please remind me/reassure me about the Educational IRA.
Please, put it on my schedule.	Shirley,	Shirley,	Please, put it on my schedule.
Could you check that Joe Stepenovitch is mapped in Test and Production.	Tony,	Tony,	Could you check that Joe Stepenovitch is mapped in Test and Production.
International bidders please e-mail me.	Note: Please reply to confirm your shipping address information and choice of shipping options.. If you have won another CD please add 1.00 extra priority or standard for combined shipping please read shipping details below .	If you have won another CD please add 1.00 extra priority or standard for combined shipping please read shipping details below .	International bidders please e-mail me.
Could you please resend it?	Kate, could you help us on deal 595155.1 that is showing up as a purchase from Enron Energy Marketing which Brooklyn dose not show any purchases.. This deal is Short Term California desk.. We also have a small variance with sales but Brooklyn and I still need to review.. Kate I looked for your e-mail and can not find the one you sent me telling me what you look over.	Kate I looked for your e-mail and can not find the one you sent me telling me what you look over.	Could you please resend it?
Please include auction   and all shipping	199.99 18 o/n shipping 217.99. Visa PHONE PHONE exp 8/02. shipping and billing address : John Arnold 909 Texas Ave 1812 Houston, TX 770 PHONE . Pay Patrick Kenne, ticketwarehouse aol.com, at paypal.com or bidpay.com, bid plus 12 for Fed-Ex Saver, or 18 for Fed-Ex overnight shipping.. Put shipping info in note section.. If you want Fed-Ex c.o.d., get a money order for bid plus 25 to Paula Fowler ready to give to fed-ex and e-mail me your shipping address.. If you want to use paypal, add 1 to total, they charge me 2.3 now!!. If you are sending a money order, send to Patrick Kenne 2879 Timber Range Court Columbus, Ohio 43231.	If you are sending a money order, send to Patrick Kenne 2879 Timber Range Court Columbus, Ohio 43231.	Please include auction and all shipping info.
John:  Please call me when you have had a chance to review.			John: Please call me when you have had a chance to review.
Please make all transmission purchases or other sales under their	We have parking with PNM for off-peak on Monday.. The energy schedule is as follows.. The energy is at 4C but you should be able to move it to PV with PNM if you ask nicely.. We will split the upside over 35 with ST SW via annuity.	We will split the upside over 35 with ST SW via annuity.	Please make all transmission purchases or other sales under their book.
keegan will call everyone tomorrow/coordinate a time for the meeting for next week.			keegan will call everyone tomorrow/coordinate a time for the meeting for next week.
Please give me a contact name and   for this deal ASAP.			Please give me a contact name and for this deal ASAP.
6. Please provide water chemistry analysis for wells or identify			Here are the questions from Allegheny regarding Gleason.
Hello - please can the lunch with Frank and Mark be on the Monday 15th may			Hello - please can the lunch with Frank and Mark be on the Monday 15th may - 12.30 to 1.30
Please call me if	Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas 770 PHONE phone PHONE fax sara.shackleton enron.com. Tana: Thanks.. Sara. Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas 770 PHONE phone PHONE fax sara.shackleton enron.com. At the request of Sara Shackleton, I am attaching the link that will provide you access the the financial trading agreement database.	At the request of Sara Shackleton, I am attaching the link that will provide you access the the financial trading agreement database.	Please call me if you have any questions about the information contained in the database.
you please contact Susan Flynn at 39075 about this and she will take car of	Cyndie: Tana Jones forwarded to me and Susan Flynn your e-mail regarding this.	Cyndie: Tana Jones forwarded to me and Susan Flynn your e-mail regarding this.	Could you please contact Susan Flynn at 39075 about this and she will take car of preparing the paperwork to take care of the ISDA s. Thanks.
Please review and let me know if you have suggested changes.	Fyi, Attached is Marathon s Response.. Attached is a revised Lease of Platform Space Agreement LOPSA for the MEGS property associated with the Mariner Pluto subsea development.. This version has Mariner as operator on behalf of MEGS, L.L.C.. as Lessee.. The responsible party will be Mariner for performance and notification.	The responsible party will be Mariner for performance and notification.	The obligations between Mariner and MEGS are covered in their separate agreement for O M. Please review and let me know if you have suggested changes.
give me a call with any comments on the documents or with any queries	This e-mail is confidential and may well also be legally privileged.. If you have received it in error, you are on notice of its status.. Please notify us immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message from your system.. Please do not copy it or use it for any purposes, or disclose its contents to any other person: to do so could be a breach of confidence.. Thank you for your co-operation.. Please contact our IT Helpdesk on 44 0 PHONE Ext.2000 or email ITHelp freshfields.com if you need assistance.. Kent. Please find attached the following: a a clean and blacklined copy of the GE Consent, showing the changes from the version last circulated to you; b a clean and blacklined copy of the GE legal opinion to be issued by Daniel Rowley, reflecting the changes requested by you; and c a form of letter to be signed by GE, attaching the agreed forms of the Turbine Contract, GE Consent and GE legal opinion.. The lenders are to fund on Friday.. As they are funding into escrow without an executed Turbine Contract or Consent from GE, the GE letter attaching the agreed documents is a condition precedent to funding.. We would be grateful for any comments on the letter, and if you could confirm that a signatory will be available on Friday to sign the letter by fax.. The lenders will fund into an escrow account and the funds in that escrow account will be released to GE when all the relevant documentation is signed.. For that reason, we will draft and send to you for your review a simple form of receipt to be signed by GE, acknowledging that it has received payment in full from the escrow account.. This receipt will be signed when the Turbine Contract and Consent are signed, but not released until GE has actually received its money.. I appreciate that the timing of this structure is complicated.	I appreciate that the timing of this structure is complicated.	Please do give me a call with any comments on the documents or with any queries regarding timing.
pls print all this stuff.			pls print all this stuff.
Please indicate your approval via REPLY WITH HISTORY.	The only problem I can see with this is that paragraph 4 could be construed to encourage NMNG to request amendment not only to increase the MAXDTQ but also to decrease it if the MAXDTQ has been increased by a previous amendment .. I worry that this might mislead NMNG that the parties can decrease the MAXDTQ by agreement rather than NMNG using capacity release procedures.. However, the paragraph does not obligate TW to do anything doesn t give NMNG any rights, since any change in the MAXDTQ must be by mutual agreement and it s subject to available capacity .. Since it does not seem to give either party anything they do not already get under the tariff, I think I would recommend we omit it.. However, NMNG might insist on this or similar language to reflect the deal. or at least the conversations of the parties.. If that s the case, I suppose I would advise the marketing folks to limit the language of paragraph 4 to an increase in MAXDTQ and explain that any decrease would have to be thru capacity release.. Comments?. TRANSWESTERN CONTRACT APPROVAL REQUEST. Please review the attached discount letter for New Mexico Natural Gas, Inc. NMNG .. The contract s five year term provides for EOT-EOT receipts and deliveries at a .05/Dth/day transportation rate.. The contract s MAXDQ varies by month and is show on the Appendix A of the discount letter.	The contract s MAXDQ varies by month and is show on the Appendix A of the discount letter.	Please indicate your approval via REPLY WITH HISTORY.
the meantime, however, please make a note in your diary.	Richard B.. Buy EVP Chief Risk Officer Enron Corporation 1400 Smith Street - 50th Floor Houston, Texas PHONE . RE: Reception Dinner on October 24, 2001 in Houston, Texas. Dear Mr. Buy:. As one of our most valued clients, HVB America hopes that you will be able to join us on the evening of Wednesday, October 24, 2001 in Houston, Texas.. Stephen Bub, a member of HVB s Board of Directors and the CEO of HVB America and Asia will host the event, which includes a reception and dinner.. Other senior officers from our Munich and New York offices will attend as well.. Within the next 2-3 weeks, we shall provide you with additional details.	Within the next 2-3 weeks, we shall provide you with additional details.	In the meantime, however, please make a note in your diary.
Will you please prepare a credit worksheet for Frontera?	Paul:. I originally sent this request to Ed but I understand from Mike Curry that you handled credit for the physical agreements.. Would you please prepare a credit worksheet for this counterparty or direct the request to the appropriate person?. Thanks.. Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas 770 PHONE phone PHONE fax sara.shackleton enron.com. Ed:	Ed:	Will you please prepare a credit worksheet for Frontera?
Make sure you include yourself in the Turkey Run on Thanksgiving in Chicago.	Cliff: Do you have Dierdre s address in NYC.. Megan and I are staying there next weekend and are getting picked up at the airport and need to tell the driver where were going.. How is everything going?. Slow down the traveling yet?	Slow down the traveling yet?	Make sure you include yourself in the Turkey Run on Thanksgiving in Chicago.
please execute on Enron s behalf and send me copy.	I ve just received your fax and am having it messengered down to an online officer for signature.. I ll fax you a copy when I get it back signed.. have faxed signed NDA.	have faxed signed NDA.	please execute on Enron s behalf and send me copy.
Please email a copy to Kim Ward and also to me.	Debra and Dan -. Attached is a worksheet for another new Master Physical.. The counterparty is Salt River Project Agricultural Improvement and Power District.. Please prepare a draft and send to:. Mr. Kent Price Salt River Project 1600 N. Priest Dr. Tempe, AZ 85281	Mr. Kent Price Salt River Project 1600 N. Priest Dr. Tempe, AZ 85281	Please email a copy to Kim Ward and also to me.
Please email Marian Bryant with the ISC the approval for the roll over and the date you would like for this to happen.	Tracy, as the ETS overall planner, the Property Accounting Users Group requests that you instruct the ISC to roll over the current IM structure for 2002 for both ETS Consolidated and ETS Un-Consolidated.. This will allow for the setting up of 2002 projects to be saved they must be attached to a 2002 Budget code and when the 2002 capital budget is approved, allow for the inputting of the 2002 budget.. No transfer of dollars is involved in the roll over.. This is strictly a structure roll over.	This is strictly a structure roll over.	Please email Marian Bryant with the ISC the approval for the roll over and the date you would like for this to happen.
Rachel,  can you give us a delivery date on p.o. no.0898-984503?			-Origin: Kaminski-V X-FileName: vkamins.nsf
Will you look at the attached file and let me know	Attached file consists of a list of Commercial teams within ENA.. According to your allocation, 39.61 goes to ENA.. 12.5 of the 39.61 goes to Global Risk Management and the rest, which is 27.11 needs to allocate to the rest of ENA Commercial Teams.	12.5 of the 39.61 goes to Global Risk Management and the rest, which is 27.11 needs to allocate to the rest of ENA Commercial Teams.	Will you look at the attached file and let me know who I should allocate the 27.11 to?
Please verify the following info;	Diane,. I am also missing two deals from the same time.. One goes with deal NA0713.5 for delivery to Transco Z6, the term is Mar 00-Feb 01 for various volumes and prices, CES buying Mar 00 vol.. - 11,137 0.5250 .. The second goes with deal NA1137.2 for delivery to Columbia Gulf Mainline, the term is Mar 01-Apr 01: Mar 01 26,671 0.0375 Apr 01 13,166 0.0300. Please check on these confirms and refax them to me PHONE .. Thanks for your help,. Brian PHONE . I changed the Oct 2000 volume on deal 203062 tagg NA1167.8 from 95244 dth to 95246 dth.. Please make the following change: Deal 203030 NA1137.4 change the volume for April from 50,857 dth to 13,527 dth, and change the volume for May from 17,866 dth to 4,752 dth.	Please make the following change: Deal 203030 NA1137.4 change the volume for April from 50,857 dth to 13,527 dth, and change the volume for May from 17,866 dth to 4,752 dth.	Please verify the following info; The confirm for deal 169036 NA0713.1 shows a price of 2.295 .6800, according to CES this should be a price of 2.795 .6800.
Can you go ahead and do what is necessary here.	Janette:. This is fine with me.	This is fine with me.	Can you go ahead and do what is necessary here.
Please confirm your location.			Please confirm your location.
Please send out confirm at your earliest convenience.	Please explain, confirms are sent out by the confirm desk.. why is this sent to legal.. If you send us a credit worksheet, we can prepare a Master Firm Purchase Sale Agreement and once it is signed then a confirm can be issued to cover the proposed transaction; however, if you want us to work on the confirm, please send us a hard copy of deal ticket.. Otherwise the deal number is greek.. All -. Vineyard Oil Gas, deal Q56432, is approved by Credit.	Vineyard Oil Gas, deal Q56432, is approved by Credit.	Please send out confirm at your earliest convenience.
Can you get as much info on this as possible?			Can you get as much info on this as possible?
Could you please forward me  i  copies	Stephanie and Becky,. I need your help with the PG E credit exposure diligence described in Travis McCullough s e:mail set forth below.	I need your help with the PG E credit exposure diligence described in Travis McCullough s e:mail set forth below.	Could you please forward me i copies of the Service Agreement, Capacity Release materials and executed PGT Agreement for the 67,000 MMBtu of transport acquired in 1998, and ii the Tariff provisions that deal with the matters described in Travis e:mail.
Could you call me	Dear Vince, Last time I talked to Alex,he was not too sure about coming.I just wrote to him again.. What about yourself?I hope you will be coming.. In any cade,we should talk.	In any cade,we should talk.	Could you call me on Monday between 2 and 4p.m your time on PHONE 0;or after 10 a.m on my cell PHONE 00 I tried 2 times unsuccessfully on Friday to reach you.
Please, go ahead and buy a copy.	Rakesh,. To confirm our conversation:	To confirm our conversation:	Please, go ahead and buy a copy.
Can you folks help me get the info on OFOs on the LDCs below to Colleen Sullivan, who is working with EES on this.			Can you folks help me get the info on OFOs on the LDCs below to Colleen Sullivan, who is working with EES on this.
Please complete or decline these requests as soon as possible by logging into PEP at http://pep.enron.com and selecting Complete Feedback from the Main Menu.	KENNETH LAY, The PEP system will be open through Friday, June 1st so that you may complete or decline your reviews.. Our records indicate that you have one or more requests for feedback that have not yet been submitted.	Our records indicate that you have one or more requests for feedback that have not yet been submitted.	Please complete or decline these requests as soon as possible by logging into PEP at http://pep.enron.com and selecting Complete Feedback from the Main Menu.
Can you check on the name of RAG American Coal Sales Company.			Can you check on the name of RAG American Coal Sales Company.
Go ahead and notify.			Go ahead and notify.
ily email list       please send an email to TraderSummaryemail syncrasy.co	IMAGE 09. IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE Syncrasy, LLC?	IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE Syncrasy, LLC?	PHONE Off PHONE Fax 909 Texas Avenue Suite 1314 H ouston, TX 77002 www.syncrasy.com Sales: PHONE D evelopment Offices: PHONE Off PHONE Fax 835 Main Avenue Suite 221 Durango, CO 81301 09 09 IMAGE Complimentary version of Trader Summary from Syncrasy, LLC and APB Energy Inc. - If you woul d like to receive this product early in the morning please call Syncr asy at PHONE for more information or send an email to subscrib e TraderSummary syncrasy.com - If you would like to be added to this da ily email list please send an email to TraderSummaryemail syncrasy.co m - If you would like to be removed from this daily email please reply to this email with the words CANCEL or send an email to cancel trad ersummary syncrasy.com Data last updated: Monday, Feb 04, 2002 at 07: 05AM EST Commentary last updated: Monday, Feb 04, 2002 at 09:14AM EST M eteorologist: Andy Weingarten... APB Energy / True Quote Congratulation s Andy Weingarten, APB Energy!
Can you E-mail Susan and I the location of the schedule E form.	Daniel,	Daniel,	Can you E-mail Susan and I the location of the schedule E form.
Please list all Notes databases applications that you currently use:	Current Notes User:. To ensure that you experience a successful migration from Notes to Outlook, it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date of migration.. Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the following survey.. Double Click on document to put it in Edit mode.. When you finish click Close select Save Changes Only click O.K then re-open the e-mail and click on the Reply With History button then hit Send Your survey will automatically be sent to the Outlook 2000 Migration Mailbox.. Thank you.. Outlook 2000 Migration Team. Full Name: Steven J. Kean. Login ID: skean. Extension: 3-1586. Office Location: EB 4712C. What type of computer do you have?. Desktop, Laptop, Both Laptop. Do you have a PDA?. If yes, what type do you have: None, IPAQ, Palm Pilot, Jornada None. Do you have permission to access anyone s Email/Calendar?. No If yes, who?. Does anyone have permission to access your Email/Calendar?. If yes, who?. Yes - Maureen McVicker, Ginger Dernehl, Linda Noske. Are you responsible for updating anyone else s address book?. If yes, who?. No. Is anyone else responsible for updating your address book?. If yes, who?. Yes - Maureen McVicker. Do you have access to a shared calendar?. If yes, which shared calendar?. No. Do you have any Distribution Groups that Messaging maintains for you for mass mailings ?. If yes, please list here: No	If yes, please list here: No	Please list all Notes databases applications that you currently use: Project Tracking
Please, call my assistant, Shirley Crenshaw  713 853 5290  to discuss the	Dear Mr. Fujita:. Thank you for you interest in Enron.. I shall be honored if you visit Enron and I shall invite other employees of the company to the meeting.	I shall be honored if you visit Enron and I shall invite other employees of the company to the meeting.	Please, call my assistant, Shirley Crenshaw PHONE to discuss the exact time of your visit.
Please contact the ICE help desk at 770-738-2101 should you have any	Chris. Your ICE access has been completed:. User ID: cgermany Password: top45job	User ID: cgermany Password: top45job	Please contact the ICE help desk at PHONE should you have any questions.
Please contact Mark and provide him with the documentation he needs.			Please contact Mark and provide him with the documentation he needs.
Please change the heading under the transaction summary from  Global			Simone, Please change the heading under the transaction summary from Global Products to Global Markets .
Please keep me posted as we additional counterparties.	Marie,. Thanks for your response.	Thanks for your response.	Please keep me posted as we additional counterparties.
Send me a list of what you want to purchase and from where - as well as the address where you want it shipped.	Marie,. It s been slow - but I think its going to pick up.	It s been slow - but I think its going to pick up.	Send me a list of what you want to purchase and from where - as well as the address where you want it shipped.
Please confirm absolutely that fax signatures will be sufficient.			Please confirm absolutely that fax signatures will be sufficient.
ption, please send an email to info rigzone.com .       IMAGE    The Gulf o			09 09 09 IMAGE 09 09 09 09 09 09 09 09 09 09 IMAGE 09 09 09 09 09 IMAGE 09 09 IMAGE 09 09 RIGZONE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE 09 IMAGE 09 09 IMAGE 09 09 home news search maps data jobs market store 09 IMAGE 09 09 09 09 09 IMAGE 09 09 IMAGE 09 09 Get 1 Month Free!
Please prepare a draft and send out at your earliest convenience.	Debra Dan -. Attached is a worksheet for a new Master Physical, with Hanover Compressor Company.. Kim Ward ext 30685 can provide you with the name/email address of the contact at Hanover.	Kim Ward ext 30685 can provide you with the name/email address of the contact at Hanover.	Please prepare a draft and send out at your earliest convenience.
Please review and let me know if	Attached is revised draft that incorporates all of PG E s earlier comments and is marked to show my proposed revisions.	Attached is revised draft that incorporates all of PG E s earlier comments and is marked to show my proposed revisions.	Please review and let me know if you have any comments.
Patti:  Please forward this message to Tom Hopwood.			Patti: Please forward this message to Tom Hopwood.
each office would you please gather as one big happy family and dial into the	Effective, February, 25, 2000 all of the Friday monthly department conference calls will be held at 10:30am cst instead of 9:00am cst... The call in number of PHONE will remain the same.. I do have a request, with Rick s group increasing in size the number of lines for my favorite number PHONE is limited.	I do have a request, with Rick s group increasing in size the number of lines for my favorite number PHONE is limited.	My request is, within each office would you please gather as one big happy family and dial into the call if/where possible to help with the number of available lines.
Please prepare an amendment to increase the existing  15MM guaranty provided	As I reviewed the original request, I realised that I did not correctly reference the original 15MM guaranty.. The request was for Exxon Mobil Corporation.. Please proceed without further delay from Credit.. I apologise for any inconvenience this may have caused.. thanks brant. Forwarded by Brant Reves/HOU/ECT on 02/12/2001 10:08 AM. Any update on status of this request?. Hey Gerald,	Hey Gerald,	Please prepare an amendment to increase the existing 15MM guaranty provided by Bridgeline Holdings to 25MM.
Please would you advise whether trading with counterparties from your	Dear Mark, Peter and David, Justin and I have now carried out the legal due diligence necessary to trade Bullion on EnronOnline with counterparties based in Sweden, Switzerland and South Africa.. We intend to launch two products; a spot forward contract based on a price fixed by our traders that is linked to the current traded price on the Reuters page in both gold and silver.. These trades are all cleared, by paper transfer, through the London Bullion Clearing System, and for this purpose each contracting party is required to appoint a Clearing member.. There are a total of 7 Clearing members, all of which are banks or similar financial institutions, and all of which are regulated by the Bank of England.. The Enron counterparty to each trade will be Enron Capital Trade Resources International Corp. as arranged by Enron Europe Finance Trading Limited, the SFA regulated entity .. Settlement will occur through the crediting or debiting of an unallocated gold account and the corresponding debiting or crediting of a cash account.	Settlement will occur through the crediting or debiting of an unallocated gold account and the corresponding debiting or crediting of a cash account.	Please would you advise whether trading with counterparties from your jurisdiction s in such products would give rise to any specific legal issues.
Please add the following fees for Feb. 2000:			CASHOUT Please add the following fees for Feb. 2000:
Please remove me from the list.			Please remove me from the list.
I ll do it- Please send me details.	Here s Billy Stiles bio.. I m still working on a speaker from Indiana and/or Oregon.. I ll let you know.. Thanks again!. Samantha. Samantha M. Slater Manager of State Regional Affairs Electric Power Supply Association 1401 New York Avenue, N.W.. 11th Floor Washington, D.C. 20005 Phone: PHONE Fax: PHONE E-mail: sslater epsa.org. Richard.Shapiro enron.com 07/05/01 03:54PM	Richard.Shapiro enron.com 07/05/01 03:54PM	I ll do it- Please send me details.
published versions in both English and Japanese by 11 May, please send us any	Please find attached the latest draft of the Brattle Group s recommendations for the Japanese power industry and the accompanying appendices.. You will find changes in emphasis and structure, which make the paper more convincing, comprehensive and readable.. We have tried to include a global view of market objectives in keeping with your approach in Houston, to give better explanations of why our recommendations are right for Japan at this stage and to address potential objections from deregulation s critics in Japan.. In addition to its earlier content, the new draft:. includes a new section setting up the objectives of a competitive market and defining a workably competitive market, before making specific recommendations to achieve those objectives in Japan;. addresses objections by utilities, etc.. in Japan to our proposals.. Current opinions or issues circulating in Japan include: California crisis, discrediting of a tight pool, success of PJM ensured by lack of requirement to unbundle, nuclear power development;. emphasizes the need for a strong, independent regulator given METI s recent inability to provide clear rules to support its recommendations and lack of expertise in the Fair Trade Commission;. de-emphasizes final section on public policy issues to emphasize market structure, by merging the public policy issues into one section, placing reliability at the top of the list and providing alternatives to achieve nuclear policy issues;. proposes implementation timetable in keeping with Japanese review process;. takes a punchier, more urgent approach in the executive summary and the paper as a whole.. The paper will be published as a Brattle Group paper commissioned by Enron Japan.. Much input has been provided by Enron Japan but the economic arguments and general approach are in keeping with Brattle s written positions and standards.. The written style of the paper is, of course, theirs.. We would appreciate any comments you might have on the contents of this paper.	We would appreciate any comments you might have on the contents of this paper.	Since we will release the paper on 15 May and will create completed published versions in both English and Japanese by 11 May, please send us any comments by the end of this week, i.e.
Any time a unit is going to come up and it is not on the dispatch please call to inform and to double check with the person sending out the dispatch we have their cell  s for this reason.			Any time a unit is going to come up and it is not on the dispatch please call to inform and to double check with the person sending out the dispatch we have their cell s for this reason.
Also, please check on deal 148659.	Please set up the following contract with ENA as agent for Columbia Energy Marketing.. Pipeline CGAS Contract 48049 Term 1/1/2000 - 1/31/2000 then evergreen Firmness IT Type Inter Paper Pool Rate Sched IPP. Pipeline CGAS Contract 48050 Term 1/1/2000 - 1/31/2000 then evergreen Firmness IT Type Aggregation Service Rate Sched AS. Please set up the following contract with ENA as agent for Columbia Energy Services. Pipeline CGAS Contract 39999 Term 1/1/2000 - 1/31/2000 then evergreen Firmness IT Type Aggregation Service Rate Sched AS	Pipeline CGAS Contract 39999 Term 1/1/2000 - 1/31/2000 then evergreen Firmness IT Type Aggregation Service Rate Sched AS	Also, please check on deal 148659.
Please write up a ticket transferring my CIG and WIC April physical positions			Please write up a ticket transferring my CIG and WIC April physical positions to IM denver.
Take a look and let me know.	I think Alicia fixed this last week.	I think Alicia fixed this last week.	Take a look and let me know.
Can you please help me resolve this pricing issue.	I have two outstanding pricing issues that I tried to resolve with Gary Lamphier, but didn t have any luck.. These deals are both day deals for February 2001 done by Danny Conner.. The customer is showing a pricing difference according to what we have in Sitara.	The customer is showing a pricing difference according to what we have in Sitara.	Can you please help me resolve this pricing issue.
Tana, please look at that list as soon as you can.			Tana, please look at that list as soon as you can.
I am attaching your order so please find out   send	Please help me friend with the questions below.. She is getting it ready for my mom this weekend.	She is getting it ready for my mom this weekend.	I am attaching your order so please find out send back to me.
Please call me with any questions,	Hey, I spoke with Ronnie Skerrik and Charlie Stone this morning and they agreed that if Lonestar does not bring the gas back to HPL as nomed that the gas will continue to be sold to TXU.. This should elevate any higher vol re-deliveries/Make up to HPL.	This should elevate any higher vol re-deliveries/Make up to HPL.	Please call me with any questions, Janet
Please confirm with	That sounds like the LDs on the air filter are accruing.	That sounds like the LDs on the air filter are accruing.	Please confirm with Kay.
Can you add these slides to the Texas Gas Plan Presentation for 2001 behind	Hi Edie,	Hi Edie,	Can you add these slides to the Texas Gas Plan Presentation for 2001 behind pg.
Can you possibly come on the 21st?	Joe,. FYI.. Please plan on attending.. We should schedule a meeting with mark and the rest of the weather team.. Vince. Shirley,. The 21st is perfect.. I will go ahead and purchase my plane tickets.. Would you please make me a hotel reservation for the night of the 21st?. Many thanks,. Frank Diebold. Shirley.Crenshaw enron.com wrote:. Good morning Professor Diebold: I am Vince Kaminski s assistant and he has forwarded your emails to me for scheduling purpose.. Unfortunately, we have a conflict on December 14th.	Unfortunately, we have a conflict on December 14th.	Can you possibly come on the 21st?
Please look at the following and let me know	Have you had a chance to look at this for me?. Thanks, Melissa. Hi Sara, I have discovered quite a few long term deals that were done with Enron Energy Services that have never been confirmed.. These trades were done when the other group was confirming financial power deals.. I have created a confirm for one of these deals.	I have created a confirm for one of these deals.	Please look at the following and let me know if you see anything that should be changed from a legal standpoint.
comments before we get together on Monday, please call me on my cell phone	Attached are the latest draft Exhibits for the Marketing Strategy and the Trading and Risk Policy for your review.	Attached are the latest draft Exhibits for the Marketing Strategy and the Trading and Risk Policy for your review.	If you have any questions or comments before we get together on Monday, please call me on my cell phone at PHONE .
Kaye:  Please schedule Sam for an hour on Friday.			Kaye: Please schedule Sam for an hour on Friday.
Please return as soon as possible.	Okay.. comments noted below.. This is to close out Vanessa s records with the temp agency.. You ll probably be receiving another request for the temp that sat at Vanessa s desk while she was out.. Explain?. We hired Vanessa to take Jenny s place.. What is all of the below about?. Shouldn t this be for the temp who was their last week when Vanessa was out for her son s surgery?. If so, what was her name and I will complete.. Your comments are needed for Vanessa Griffin who sat in for Jenny Helton s old desk.	Your comments are needed for Vanessa Griffin who sat in for Jenny Helton s old desk.	Please return as soon as possible.
Savings Plan or any e-mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters, including accounting issues related to these matters, please forward the e-mails to enron.savingsplan enron.com.	On Wednesday, October 31, I sent an email to all Enron employees worldwide in order to ensure that Enron employees retained documents that might be relevant to ongoing litigation.. New lawsuits have been filed that enlarge the scope of the information that Enron will need to retain.. The following list includes both the topics in the earlier email and the topics related to the new lawsuits.. Effective immediately, please do the following:. 1.. If you have any voice mails that relate in any way to the LJM Deal or Chewco Investments L.P. including any accounting issues related to these transactions, please forward the voice mails to x3-6800.. 2.. If you have any voice mails that relate in any way to the proposed Dynegy merger or the Enron Corp. Savings Plan, including any accounting issues related to these transactions, please forward the voice mails to x3-6802.. 3.. If you have any voice mails that relate in any way to Enron s public statements regarding EBS, Azurix, New Power Co., or any voice mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters, including accounting issues related to these matters, please forward the voice mails to x3-6801.. 4.. If you have any voice mails that relate in any way to Enron s public statements regarding the proposed merger with Dynegy or the Enron Corp. Savings Plan or any voice mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters, including accounting issues related to these matters, please forward the voice mails to x3-6802.. 5.. If you have any e-mails that relate in any way to the LJM Deal, Chewco Investments L.P., including any accounting issues related to these transactions, please forward the e-mails to LJM.litigation enron.com.. 6.. If you have any e-mails that relate in any way to the proposed Dynegy merger, including any accounting issues related to these transactions, please forward the e-mails to dynegy.merger enron.com.. 7.. If you have any e-mails that relate in any way to the Enron Corp. Savings Plan, including any accounting issues related to these transactions, please forward the e-mails to enron.savingsplan enron.com.. 8.. If you have any e-mails that relate in any way to Enron s public statements regarding EBS, Azurix, New Power Co. or any e-mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters, including accounting issues related to these matters, please forward the e-mails to classaction.litigation enron.com.. 9.. If you have any e-mails that relate in any way to Enron s public statements regarding the proposed Dynegy merger or any e-mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters, including accounting issues related to these matters, please forward the e-mails to dynegy.merger enron.com.. 10.	10.	If you have any e-mails that relate in any way to Enron s public statements regarding the Enron Corp. Savings Plan or any e-mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters, including accounting issues related to these matters, please forward the e-mails to enron.savingsplan enron.com.
Could you please forward this on tio the right person?			Lucy: Could you please forward this on tio the right person?
Check out the Election links, electoral map page...			Check out the Election links, electoral map page...
Please review and send me any comments in the morning.	Kevin,	Kevin,	Please review and send me any comments in the morning.
please rsvp yes for me			please rsvp yes for me
Please drop me a voicemail or an e -mail when you have the time.			Please drop me a voicemail or an e -mail when you have the time.
Please e-mail or give me a call at	Amy,. As discussed in my phone message, we cannot agree to purposed revisions regarding Sections 11.3 and 13.9.. Also, concerning Section 3.2 we cannot agree to Cover Standard.. We are fine with 13.5 New York choice of law and the remainder of suggested revisions.	We are fine with 13.5 New York choice of law and the remainder of suggested revisions.	Please e-mail or give me a call at your convenience regarding this matter.
Would you tell me who I should speak with please?	My girlfriend and I are having a baby soon.. The due date is May 7th.. I have some questions regarding what my insurance and benefit options are.	I have some questions regarding what my insurance and benefit options are.	Would you tell me who I should speak with please?
In your e-mail, please indicate the number of seats you re interested in purchasing for the full season  no partial season or individual games .	Houston Astros Baseball season tickets are available sale to employees at their face value.. The seats range in price from 2,490 to 3,237 for the season, and are located in the box and club levels.. If you re interested in being on the list of potential buyers for Enron s season tickets to the Astro s 2002 home games, please indicate your interest by 4PM, Central Time on Thursday, March 21 via e-mail to Elizabeth Linnell.	If you re interested in being on the list of potential buyers for Enron s season tickets to the Astro s 2002 home games, please indicate your interest by 4PM, Central Time on Thursday, March 21 via e-mail to Elizabeth Linnell.	In your e-mail, please indicate the number of seats you re interested in purchasing for the full season no partial season or individual games .
Please switch my sitara access from central to west and email me with my	Imelda,	Imelda,	Please switch my sitara access from central to west and email me with my password.
Please remove her name from	Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.	Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.	Please remove her name from all mailing lists.
Please confirm you received this e-mail.			Please confirm you received this e-mail.
Please review the attached spreadsheet for Stack Manager and Website Access for the UBS Online Trading Platform and note any necessary changes.			Please review the attached spreadsheet for Stack Manager and Website Access for the UBS Online Trading Platform and note any necessary changes.
Please call or e-mail Charlotte Martin at  916  351-2118 /	Market Participants:. PricewaterhouseCoopers PwC is planning to commence the 2000 Operational Study in July 2000.. As in past years, PwC is seeking input from market participants prior to recommending the specific procedures to be covered in this Operational Study.. The Audit Committee will make the final decision on the scope of the Study based on recommendations from PwC, which will reflect input from this stakeholder feedback process.	The Audit Committee will make the final decision on the scope of the Study based on recommendations from PwC, which will reflect input from this stakeholder feedback process.	Please call or e-mail Charlotte Martin at PHONE / cmartin caiso.com to request a meeting in person or via conference call with PwC to discuss the scope of this study.
Please review and add  and change the language  as you believe better 20	Eric, I came up with a few goals and objectives for each group within EGM.. These 20 are what i came up with for LNG and which included some information from Ri ck.	These 20 are what i came up with for LNG and which included some information from Ri ck.	Please review and add and change the language as you believe better 20 represents your business.
IMAGE   IMAGE     To receive our e-mails in a text-only format, please reply to this    message and type  change to text  in the subject field.	Outlet the Creek IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE Holiday feature: Second Markdowns Take: 2 Scene: Outlet IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE Jacket Orig.. 148.00 NOW 59.99 Skirt Orig.. 78.00 NOW 29.99 IMAGE IMAGE Pants set Orig.. 158.00 NOW 64.99 IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE This is your cue to save 50 ?. 75 !. IMAGE You re always the leading lady at Outlet the Creek .. To assure you ve got an exciting new look for each scene this holiday season, we ve marked down these selections one more time!. Whatever the setting, you ll have more than 200 easy ways to dress the part.. Ready.. Camera.. Action!. Click the link below.. http://www.coldwatercreek.com/jump.asp?linkid 1019 OfferCode WHA2001 IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE Pants set Orig.. 64.95 NOW 29.99 Jacket Orig.. 55.00 NOW 19.99 IMAGE Dress IMAGE Orig.. 168.00 IMAGE NOW 69.99 Jacket Orig.. 148.00 NOW 59.99 Pants Orig.. 68.00 NOW 19.99 Skirt Orig.. 45.00 NOW 14.99 IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE Privacy, Security Service.. http://www.coldwatercreek.com/jump.asp?linkid 1100 OfferCode WHA2001 At Coldwater Creek, earning and keeping your trust is the standard for everything we do.	http://www.coldwatercreek.com/jump.asp?linkid 1100 OfferCode WHA2001 At Coldwater Creek, earning and keeping your trust is the standard for everything we do.	IMAGE IMAGE To receive our e-mails in a text-only format, please reply to this message and type change to text in the subject field.
Could you send them again  maybe in	Tana,. I am unable to open those attachments.	I am unable to open those attachments.	Could you send them again maybe in a different format .
Please take 5 minutes to fill out the first of three	ClickAtHome Pilot Three Members!. We hope your experience with the Clickathome ordering website and vendors has been exciting and fun for you!. We need your feedback to determine next steps of the program.	We need your feedback to determine next steps of the program.	Please take 5 minutes to fill out the first of three surveys.
PermianBREAKchange if unrealistic and please add appropriate locations for			-Origin: Quigley-D X-FileName: DQUIGLE Non-Privileged .pst
Can you look into this			Can you look into this
Please check with Robert Quick on this.	Tana:	Tana:	Please check with Robert Quick on this.
Neal, can you help with this?	Let s make sure we are ready!. We should talk with someone in IT who is supporting CAPS to make sure thay know the potential issues.	We should talk with someone in IT who is supporting CAPS to make sure thay know the potential issues.	Neal, can you help with this?
Please read them and call me with any questions: 503-464-8862	I m sending you a series of E-mails from FERC asking for responses to data requests.	I m sending you a series of E-mails from FERC asking for responses to data requests.	Please read them and call me with any questions: PHONE
Also, could you please include Andrea Dahlke and Tom Chapman on all Position related e-mails.	Tom,. The East Peak number looks pretty accurate, but the Off-Peak is WAY off....you have us short 31,458,553 and our records show us short only 8,855,367 .. I would recommend that you maybe run your adhoc query again for off-peak.. The difference is so large that I don t know what else it could be other than an error in the query inputs.. Give me a ring if you still come up with the same answer and we ll walk through your query together.. Thanks.. Casey	Casey	Also, could you please include Andrea Dahlke and Tom Chapman on all Position related e-mails.
Please forward those at your earliest convenience.	Sorry, the meeting is scheduled for Wednesday, April 19th at 9:00 a.m. My error.. Sally, Thanks for the voice-mail.. While we have selected a date, it is not cast in stone.. If there is another date that works better and would allow more of the individuals to participate, that is fine with me.. I just want to make sure that the Program is being responsive.. Incidentally, I did not realize that Rick would be out of town, so it is no problem to change the date.. You indicated that you would be willing to provide a few bullet points regarding the issues you and the group would like for us to address.. That would be great.	That would be great.	Please forward those at your earliest convenience.
Please call me at  713  221-1131 with your questions.	okey dokey. Kay, please read this memo...Because you will be working with the originators and will be the first lawyer to know when the condition of the orders is filled you are probably the right person to blow the whistle for the 13D filing...Let me know if you think otherwise. Attached is the memo regarding the Schedule 13D filing requirements in connection with the FuelCell transaction.	Attached is the memo regarding the Schedule 13D filing requirements in connection with the FuelCell transaction.	Please call me at PHONE with your questions.
Please see if the attached format documents the par forward transactions in a			Please see if the attached format documents the par forward transactions in a manner more like CIBC and a little different than the ENA format .
please put in rolodex.			please put in rolodex.
So take a few minutes to check your pulse and tell us what you think and how	Is available: Monday, October 16 - Friday, Oct. 27, 2000. ?. The Associate/Analyst Participants have been selected this year to be the pilot group to utilize a new software package that Enron has purchased.. Your input and participation is important in piloting this new environment.. Your answers will be compiled with the rest of Enron.. In order to pilot the functionality of this new software, the Program Participants will be accessing the survey through a different URL, which will be distributed in an email message.. Once again, it s time to find out what you think about your work experience at Enron and what we can do to help make it better.. That s why we want to check your pulse.. In fact, we ve changed the name of last year s Excellence Through Communication employee survey to The Pulse.. We believe The Pulse more accurately captures the purpose of the survey.. Your diagnosis will help us correct problem areas so we can continue to make Enron a great place to work.. There are a few things we want you to remember about The Pulse.. 1.. Your survey responses will be confidential.. 2.. We will respond actively to your comments.. We are going to do our best to cure some of the current problems that exist and put into action preventative processes that will help identify smaller problems before they become major ones.. We will be asking people for help in resolving some of the issues that are collected in the survey - your active role will help us identify the best solutions.	We will be asking people for help in resolving some of the issues that are collected in the survey - your active role will help us identify the best solutions.	So take a few minutes to check your pulse and tell us what you think and how you feel about your job and about Enron.
To reserve a seat, please call Stephanie E. Taylor at	Seats fill up fast!	Seats fill up fast!	To reserve a seat, please call Stephanie E. Taylor at 5-7928
Please check on the actual storage capacity volume on FSS contract 63304.			Please check on the actual storage capacity volume on FSS contract 63304.
Please print, sign, and return	Daren:. During the period of 5/1/2000 through 5/31/2000, the above meter has recorded flow on the following days:. Days Mmbtus. 5/1/2000 942 5/3/2000 68 5/21/2000 65. 1,075. Deal 119068 was at this meter during April 2000 and again began 6/13/2000, but did not exist from 5/1/2000 through 6/12/2000.. Currently, these volumes are being booked under the HPL Strangers Gas Contract.. Logistics needs either 1 Deal 119068 extended, 2 New Deal, or 3 approval to write-off these volumes to Unaccounted for Gas.	Logistics needs either 1 Deal 119068 extended, 2 New Deal, or 3 approval to write-off these volumes to Unaccounted for Gas.	Please print, sign, and return original to Clem Cernosek .
Americas Remote Sites -- please print this newsletter for each of your	GREAT NEWS!. Following is a link to our GE Wind Energy intranet site -- here you can find a PDF file of our second bi-weekly GE Wind Energy Integration Newsletter.. This newsletter will provide you with the latest and greatest news on our Integration progress, upcoming Integration process events and schedules, and various other interesting information.. If you have questions, or if we can be of help in any way, please feel free to contact any of us here at GE Wind Energy - Communications!	If you have questions, or if we can be of help in any way, please feel free to contact any of us here at GE Wind Energy - Communications!	Americas Remote Sites -- please print this newsletter for each of your employees, and, please post it on your bulletin boards.
Please call me with any	Here is my first cut at a proposed form of amendment.. I have added a rep and an additional Event of Default to cover the Lien issue in light of the fact that Barrett s Credit Agreement restricts them from entering into any agreement that contains a negative pledge.. I winged the amendment to the Confirmations since I have not seen them yet.	I winged the amendment to the Confirmations since I have not seen them yet.	Please call me with any comments.
2   Please confirm that the first trade date was  6/16/00 .	Tax has confirmed that the MG deals should be confirmed in the name of RMT and NOT ENA .. I will have an RMT/MG Ltd. ISDA master put in place.. Joe: 1 Please confirm the exact name of the MG entity.	Joe: 1 Please confirm the exact name of the MG entity.	2 Please confirm that the first trade date was 6/16/00 .
go ahead and enter them into the system.			I just spoke with Bob, and he said he wasn t told about these trades, but to go ahead and enter them into the system.
Please take a moment to click on the link below for an invitation from APB			Please take a moment to click on the link below for an invitation from APB and True Quote.
Please amend on this email and return asap.	Eric, I came up with a few goals and objectives for each group within EGM.. These 20 are what i came up with for LNG and which included some information from Ri ck.. Please review and add and change the language as you believe better 20 represents your business.. Also I need additional specifics where possible.. LNG ?. Create 60 million in gross margin and 50 million in EBIT ?. Create a portfolio of positions including supply sources, shipping and 20 markets to open and generate a new markets for LNG globally that can maximi ze 20 and take advantage of the highest net backs ?. Develop an online market for LNG on EnronOnline ?. Close and deliver spot transactions around the world that illustrates Enr on 01, s ability to change the industry 20 ?. Close Project Jose; successfully manage the supply and shipping positions 20 around Dabhol 20	Close Project Jose; successfully manage the supply and shipping positions 20 around Dabhol 20	Please amend on this email and return asap.
Please make changes as you feel necessary and send them back to me.	Forwarded message. Vince,. Thanks for the abstract!. For the purpose of the conference program listing, the conference organizers need a title and an abstract which is longer than 50 words.. Based on the abstract that you sent me, I took the liberty to make up a title and the 50-word abstract attached below .	Based on the abstract that you sent me, I took the liberty to make up a title and the 50-word abstract attached below .	Please make changes as you feel necessary and send them back to me.
Please call me for further  background.	Jeff and Steve ?. As you requested, I have prepared a list of my preferred public policy contacts?for California.?. It is composed of professionals from an array of public, private and non-profit backgrounds.?. I have worked in some capacity with?each of these people?and most I know quite well.?. ?	?	Please call me for further background.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Alicia Power 8531 12th ave nw seattle, WA 98117 alicia allrecipes.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please provide an explanation as to why the trade date is prior to the deal	Stacey,. Per my voicemail, in reviewing the documentation provided by Marilyn she noted that for three deals the trade date was before the deal entry date.	Per my voicemail, in reviewing the documentation provided by Marilyn she noted that for three deals the trade date was before the deal entry date.	Please provide an explanation as to why the trade date is prior to the deal entry date for the following deals:
When he is able to give you the values, will you call Dave Forster   3-1861 and let him know the values.	I have Norman running a calc on the Sempra transactions.. He was able to set up a special calc to calc the killed deals.	He was able to set up a special calc to calc the killed deals.	When he is able to give you the values, will you call Dave Forster 3-1861 and let him know the values.
Please give me a call next week my direct line is listed	Next week is good for me.. I would like to look to the end of the week Thursday or later.	I would like to look to the end of the week Thursday or later.	Please give me a call next week my direct line is listed below.
Per Sara Shackleton s request, please review the attached e-mail that I had	Paul,	Paul,	Per Sara Shackleton s request, please review the attached e-mail that I had previously sent to Mark Elliott with respect to a brokerage agreement between ENA and Investment Technology Group Limited and let me know if you are able to respond.
Rae,  Please print the cover letter on ENA letterhead and attached a hardcopy			Rae, Please print the cover letter on ENA letterhead and attached a hardcopy of the response.
Please bring your Dow Jones Interactive login ID and password.	Seats fill up fast!. To reserve a seat, please call Stephanie E. Taylor at 5-7928. The Cost is 25.00 Per Person No Shows will be charged 50.00	The Cost is 25.00 Per Person No Shows will be charged 50.00	Please bring your Dow Jones Interactive login ID and password.
Before submitting a referral, please read the attached policy for eligibility	Good News!. IT Hot Jobs have been extended. 5000 REWARD. for successful referral and hiring will be continued until further notice. Please see the Human Resources website at http://hrweb.enron.com for a complete hot job listing.. Get paid lots of for who YOU know!. Just complete the Employee Referral form, attach a resume and submit to the Employee Referral mailbox.. It s that easy!	It s that easy!	Before submitting a referral, please read the attached policy for eligibility guidelines and procedures.
Edmund can you expedite getting the changes to the ENA GTC so the US can sign			Edmund can you expedite getting the changes to the ENA GTC so the US can sign off, given our short timescale.
Please provide us with a NYMEX quote and a basis quote.	John Eric, Here are the Scheduled VPP 100 volumes for the 2nd Preston VPP.	John Eric, Here are the Scheduled VPP 100 volumes for the 2nd Preston VPP.	Please provide us with a NYMEX quote and a basis quote.
Please check with	Amita,. Credit Risk - I am of a mind for Enron to accept the credit risk of metals transactions done through EnronOnline, bearing in mind that it will be Enron credit criteria which is applied, the short timeline and the fact that this sleeving agreement is intended to be a temporary arrangement until conclusion of the final purchase agreement.. If it can be set up so they take the risk, then fine - but don t allow this to delay the process.. Confidentiality - I assume we are covered by the current C.A.. Please confirm with Eric Gadd.. Performance - Enron s obligation is to the customer and MG s obligation is to us.. Invoices - Probably prepared by MG and sent on Enron letterhead.. We can download EnronOnline Transaction info.. to MG if required.	to MG if required.	Please check with backoffice on this.
please welcome Ken in his new role.	Organization Announcement. It is my pleasure to announce that Kenneth Lovejoy has joined Enron Corp. EH S Asset Operations.. He will be reporting directly to Donnie Willmann and will support Central America, Caribbean and EES.. Ken has over 25 year experience in environmental, health and safety for the oil and gas industry.. He has been working for Enron since 1996 and has extensive international experience.	He has been working for Enron since 1996 and has extensive international experience.	We are excited to have Ken in our team so, please welcome Ken in his new role.
please execute the Second Amendment and return it to me via fax no.  713			-Origin: JONES-T X-FileName: tjones.nsf
Would you fax me a copy of the resolution.			Would you fax me a copy of the resolution.
To Stan s Direct Reports:   Please provide me with your home phone number and	pls get for Cindy.. Thanks df. Hello, everyone!. This is to request your assistance in obtaining the following information for Stan:	This is to request your assistance in obtaining the following information for Stan:	To Stan s Direct Reports: Please provide me with your home phone number and a pager or cellular number.
Please build a new point as both a receipt and a delivery on Transwestern.			Please build a new point as both a receipt and a delivery on Transwestern.
Can you add Errol to the first list?	Does he know to set up us as web users also?	Does he know to set up us as web users also?	Can you add Errol to the first list?
Please contact the ISC Call Center at  713  345-4727.	Please do not reply to this e-mail.. You are receiving this message because you have an unresolved invoice in your iPayit in-box that is past due.. Please login to iPayit and resolve this invoice as soon as possible.. To launch iPayit, click on the link below: http://iPayit.enron.com Note: Your iPayit User ID and Password are your eHRonline/SAP Personnel ID and Password.. First time iPayit user?. For training materials, click on the link below: http://sap.enron.com/sap doclib/user/file list.asp?cabinet id 265. Need help?	Need help?	Please contact the ISC Call Center at PHONE .
Please add your comments when you feel the need for legal tracking purposes	I have contacted Scott Cleverly and asked him to check into this.. Will reply when I know the problem.. Perhaps it is operator error on this end, but I couldn t get this going.. Kay. Click on this icon to have access to the New Power Contracts database.. If it does not work, let me know.	If it does not work, let me know.	Please add your comments when you feel the need for legal tracking purposes or if you want to show a record of a discussion with a CP or Enron person.
Please try to forward this information to me at your earliest convenience.	Michelle - I think you mentioned you are now going to be the Keeper of the Capacity Book:. Richardson Products Company Contract 24198 Option to suspend contract for up to 3 months/year.. Request must be provided to Transwestern 5 days prior to the end of month preceding the requested suspended month.. Richardon Products has ROFR rights in addition to the right to extend the term for up to an additional 4 years beyond the primary term by giving TW written notice at least 6 months prior to the expiration of the priamry term, subject to available capacity and provided TW and Richardson are able to agree on trasport rates to be charges.. Current expiration date is 4/30/02.. As we discussed in staff meeting this morning, please provide me with a summary of any type of transport options imbedded in your assigned customer accounts contracts i.e., contract , Shipper name, explanation of option, term of contract, term of option, how much advance notice to trigger the option, etc.. .. I will incorporate these transport options into a capacity spreadsheet which will be forwarded to our group.	I will incorporate these transport options into a capacity spreadsheet which will be forwarded to our group.	Please try to forward this information to me at your earliest convenience.
Please update my bio to include Human Resources and add some boilerplate on			Please update my bio to include Human Resources and add some boilerplate on Enron.
Eric, please prepare the amendment per Ed s request.	Mark, please forward Texaco contract PHONE 3-02-003 / PHONE to Eric Gillaspie on the 38th floor.	Mark, please forward Texaco contract PHONE 3-02-003 / PHONE to Eric Gillaspie on the 38th floor.	Eric, please prepare the amendment per Ed s request.
Please forward any comments you have ...	Attached is the usage report for the Gas Fundamentals Web Site for the week:. 12am 26th Febuary Mon - 12pm Sunday 4th March Sun	12am 26th Febuary Mon - 12pm Sunday 4th March Sun	Please forward any comments you have ...
please call and splain what s going on here.	What a tangled mess.	What a tangled mess.	please call and splain what s going on here.
Can you give David a call?			Can you give David a call?
Please reply ASAP if these two days  April 14   15  will work.	Ravi,. The proposed dates work for me.. Vince. Vince,. I will not be able to attend on this weekend April 15 , but I think the main point is for John s guys to meet the rest of our group.. Most of them know me already.. --Stinson. Hi John, as per our discussion and e-mails, I am suggesting the following dates for the subject offsite: April 14 15 th Friday Sat .. Place and agenda to follow once this date is nailed up.. The heads of each group will decide who will attend.. We would also invite Kevin Hannon, Scott Yeager, Tom Gros, Ted Seitz and Jean Mrha once the dates and agenda are agreed upon by the Technical folks.. As before, the idea is to introduce the two of the most technical groups within Enron and to exchange ideas and issues.. The Enron research team will provide trading and modeling presentations and the Optical Network Engineering team will present networking and components related topics.. Take away from the two days will be to provide John Griebling s group with better understanding about how the trading markets have developed in general and energy markets in particular via Enron i.e., how the sausage was made!. .. Likewise, John s group will provide us with better understanding of optical networking from a technical perspective.. Particularily, how EBS is planning to develop the Puplic Switched Optical Network PSON that John has branded our pooling point based network!	Particularily, how EBS is planning to develop the Puplic Switched Optical Network PSON that John has branded our pooling point based network!	Please reply ASAP if these two days April 14 15 will work.
procedures, please call Fred Tantao 299-2045, Rob Stasi 299-2067, George	Notice 01-57 February 8, 2001. TO: ALL NYMEX/COMEX MEMBERS ALL NYMEX/COMEX MEMBER FIRMS ALL NYMEX/COMEX CLEARING FIRMS ALL NYMEX/COMEX OPERATION MANAGERS. FROM: Stu Smith, Senior Vice President, Operations. RE: Exchange Early Closing Schedule for February 16, 2001. Please be advised that the Exchange will close markets earlier on Friday, February 16, 2001, the business day preceding Presidents Day.. The following early contract closing schedule will be implemented:. NYMEX DIVISION. Commodity Closing Range. Palladium Futures 11:58 a.m. - 12:00 noon Platinum Futures and Options 12:08 p.m. - 12:10 p.m.. Heating Oil Futures and Options 12:58 p.m. - 1:00 p.m.. Unleaded Gasoline Futures and Options 12:58 p.m. - 1:00 p.m.. Crack Gas Crack Heat Options 12:58 p.m. - 1:00 p.m. Propane Futures 12:58 p.m. - 1:00 p.m. Crude Oil Futures and Options 12:58 p.m. - 1:00 p.m. Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures and Options 12:58 p.m. - 1:00 p.m. Permian Pool Natural Gas Futures 12:58 p.m. - 1:00 p.m Alberta Natural Gas Futures 12:58 p.m. - 1:00 p.m. Gulf Coast Gasoline Futures 12:58 p.m. - 1:00 p.m.. COMEX DIVISION. Aluminum Futures and Options 11:59 a.m. - 12:00 noon Copper Futures and Options 12:04 p.m. - 12:05 p.m. Silver Futures and Options 12:04 p.m. - 12:05 p.m. Gold Futures and Options 12 :09 p.m. -12:10 p.m.. The Eurotop 100 300 contracts will conduct normal trading hours.. The NYMEX Late Submissions Area is scheduled to close at 2:30 p.m. and the NYMEX Trade Correction Area will close at 3:15 p.m., the PTS system will be available to 4:30 p.m.. The COMEX Divisions OLTE System will be available for corrections until 2:30 p.m.	The COMEX Divisions OLTE System will be available for corrections until 2:30 p.m.	In the event that you require additional time to process work on either day, or have questions regarding early close procedures, please call Fred Tantao PHONE , Rob Stasi PHONE , George Henderson PHONE , Les Faison PHONE NYMEX Division or David Sherman PHONE , Michael Campanelli PHONE COMEX Division .
Please review and let me know if you have any questions.	Attached is the precedent agreement with changes redlined.. I scanned their hardcopy.. I added that same outs that were included in the Momentum agreements, but I left the dates blank.	I added that same outs that were included in the Momentum agreements, but I left the dates blank.	Please review and let me know if you have any questions.
Your commitment to the orientation is appreciated and please call me at	Sally: It has been a long time and I hope all is well with you and your family.. Brenda Herod advised me that we are pending a speaker from the Energy Operations group.. Please note that we are in deadline phrase of the project and with the holiday weekend approaching, wrap up this pending item.. I understand that your group is especially busy with SAP and PRC activities and look forward to receiving the speaker s name and bio.. I can assist with writing the bio if that individual does not have a bio.. If you have not located a candidate, how about a complete presentation to entice the speaker ?. Attached please find the Energy Operations presentation.	Attached please find the Energy Operations presentation.	Your commitment to the orientation is appreciated and please call me at x33597 if you have any questions.
could you send again?	I m sorry, I m losing my mind.. did you send Amber s address?. if so, i ve deleted it.	if so, i ve deleted it.	could you send again?
Please send me the most current vision and a copy of the implementation	gary, mary, steve, please prepare a presentation that could be given to the high level people trying to solve the california problem.. I would like to see an aggressive solution that shows that we have a more expansive view of how to solve the problem with DSM than ever before thought of.. I know you have a good start on that, but I would now like you to:. continue to refine the idea refine might be expand and add implementation details contact steve kean and jeff dasovich for feedback and further refinement schedule meetings to start reviewing our view and listening to their view refine again imlement, implement, implement	continue to refine the idea refine might be expand and add implementation details contact steve kean and jeff dasovich for feedback and further refinement schedule meetings to start reviewing our view and listening to their view refine again imlement, implement, implement	Please send me the most current vision and a copy of the implementation timeline by next Wednesday.
Please read and retain this	DELL ENRON ClickAtHome ORDER CONFIRMATION Thank you for your Enron ClickAtHome order!	DELL ENRON ClickAtHome ORDER CONFIRMATION Thank you for your Enron ClickAtHome order!	Please read and retain this e-mail for your records.
Can you help me?	I have forgotten my user name and password.. I work for Enron.	I work for Enron.	Can you help me?
Stephanie, please put this in rotation.			Stephanie, please put this in rotation.
10. Please provide your calculations supporting the 915 hour annual			-Origin: Rogers-B X-FileName: brogers.nsf
Could you talk to Randy about the Northwestern sale and get him connected up with the dox?	Randy, please call me or Ron about the attached.. teh goal will be to turn dox tomorrow to move the sale along.. Kay - word is you worked the Northwestern deal.. Ron wants to borrow from the Northwestern deal as this sale wil need to be done as a sale of the entity, not just the contract.. Apparently, there is more of a customs issue involved here than a consent issue, but some of the mechanics will be similar.	Apparently, there is more of a customs issue involved here than a consent issue, but some of the mechanics will be similar.	Could you talk to Randy about the Northwestern sale and get him connected up with the dox?
Hey buddy, please include Kathy on you distribution in the future.			Hey buddy, please include Kathy on you distribution in the future.
Please help me friend with the questions below.			Please help me friend with the questions below.
Please, send a copy of the book to Pedro Fernando.	Shirley,	Shirley,	Please, send a copy of the book to Pedro Fernando.
Please ask Bruce to check his availability.	Forgot to mention that.	Forgot to mention that.	Please ask Bruce to check his availability.
Kay - Can you please print out two copies, initial and I suppose your	The following documents are attached:. 1 Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement between enovate and PetroCanada.. I have made the following changes to Mary s document: a effective date of November 1st, 2000 to coincide with the start of the transaction, b notification for nominations/confirmations, and c signature line from enovate to enovate by Enron MW.. Jeff - Can you please print out two copies of this document, initial and have your assistant deliver them to Janet for execution.. Janet will be leaving for the management conference on Wednesday around noon so the earlier in the morning the better.. I will then have Janet s assistant get them back to me for delivery to PetroCanada.. 2 Audit Waiver	2 Audit Waiver	Kay - Can you please print out two copies, initial and I suppose your assistant can coordinate with Jeff s to make the delivery to Janet.
Please set up the following CGAS contracts.			Please set up the following CGAS contracts.
Please provide a  cc  to Dave Schulgen,	Okay,. Let s send it to Marion and Barry.	Let s send it to Marion and Barry.	Please provide a cc to Dave Schulgen, Jeff Maurer and Ben Bell.
Please respond to luznmymind argolink.net	Forwarded by Leslie Smith/HOU/ECT on 02/03/2000 10:30 AM	Forwarded by Leslie Smith/HOU/ECT on 02/03/2000 10:30 AM	floyd lisa luznmymind argolink.net on 02/02/2000 11:29:48 PM Please respond to luznmymind argolink.net To: DARLENE NKarolina aol.com , DONNA GAputernut aol.com , DOROTHY dot1 argohouston.com , JULIE HaulinKDZ aol.com , Cheyenne Chy1975 cs.com , JOHNNY MARGARET Jbarm1965 cs.com , Leslie Smith/HOU/ECT ECT, Lorraine Buskey akchaterbx yahoo.com , PAULA sheba argohouston.com , Tammie Bolling tammiebolling hotmail.com cc: MrsAAC aol.com, Mcintyre3g aol.com, TrishAmom aol.com, Deeturmnd aol.com, Jwapond aol.com, Birdladymn aol.com, Sherlito aol.com, DRKOLB3 aol.com, Lorisdc cs.com, Walkingmom756455 aol.com, COrla45218 aol.com, MemphisPanda aol.com, NiknHazX3 aol.com, Accola387 aol.com, SOSTAIL aol.com, SherryGage yahoo.com, Anna CNA630 aol.com Subject: Fwd: Check out Butterflies
Cheryl:  Please set up an hour and a half meeting with the people addressed	I d like to get together as a group and discuss both Commodity Logic DCAF projects and see if we can put together a joint high level vision for supporting the trade clearing functions.. Here are the items I d like to initially discuss:. Commodity Logic Deliverables, timing and perhaps a demo or screen shots to show where we currently are in our development.. Current DCAF requests and current areas of pain communicated from the user side.. Legal Credit concerns or issues known at this time.. Once we have put together a strawman or high level plan then let s follow up with the larger user community and see if this address the highest priority concerns that were brought up at the Deal Clearing JAD session.	Once we have put together a strawman or high level plan then let s follow up with the larger user community and see if this address the highest priority concerns that were brought up at the Deal Clearing JAD session.	Cheryl: Please set up an hour and a half meeting with the people addressed under cc: above to discuss the subject listed above.
Please make changes and return two original executed agreements.	Per your request, please find attached Electric LIne Right-of-Way Easement.	Per your request, please find attached Electric LIne Right-of-Way Easement.	Please make changes and return two original executed agreements.
Please take me off this list.			Please take me off this list.
Please review ASAP as they are trying to file	Attached is the response.	Attached is the response.	Please review ASAP as they are trying to file today to meet the response deadlines.
Please direct further questions regarding this message to your e-mail	The original message was received at Fri, 13 Apr 2001 09:52:25 -0400 EDT from outbound5.enron.com 192.152.140.9. ATTENTION. Your e-mail is being returned to you because there was a problem with its delivery.. The address which was undeliverable is listed in the section labeled:. The following addresses had permanent fatal errors. .. The reason your mail is being returned to you is listed in the section labeled:. Transcript of Session Follows. .. The line beginning with describes the specific reason your e-mail could not be delivered.. The next line contains a second error message which is a general translation for other e-mail servers.	The next line contains a second error message which is a general translation for other e-mail servers.	Please direct further questions regarding this message to your e-mail administrator.
Can you support me also  if possible today  with this timestamp	Hi Mark,. Thanks for the data, but I am missing the timestamp information in both XLS-files.	Thanks for the data, but I am missing the timestamp information in both XLS-files.	Can you support me also if possible today with this timestamp information?
Please contact any of the following Steering Committee members to make a	Sunday, November 5th, is the big day.. Although we have less than two weeks left, we still have several exciting fundraising activities taking place.. All walkers should continue getting pledges and watch for further instructions on turning in the walk forms.. Everyone has done an incredible job this year.. Great news, we are getting very close to reaching our goal, but if we want to continue to be the number one walk team in Houston, we need to continue with our fundraising efforts.. Please plan to join us for the following activities this week: Silent/Cyber Auction - The JDF Silent Cyber Auction will open for bids on Wednesday, October 25th, at 8:00 a.m. and will close on Thursday, October 26th, at 4:00 p.m. You may access the Cyber Auction to place your bids at 8:00 a.m. on Wednesday, October 25th, by launching the website at http://ecinside.enron.net/apps/jdf.nsf or go to the Enron home page on the Intranet and click on the JDF Cyber Auction.. For more information, contact Sophie Patel at ext.. 35055 or Eddie Sera at ext.. 30480.. Bake Sale and Raffles - Just in time for the Holidays!. On Friday, October 27th, we will have several groups selling delicious baked goods on the second floor level of the Enron Building outside the Energizer.. In addition, we will have representatives from some of our walk teams available for the purchase of raffle tickets at the same location.. For all that are not signed up, please join us in the walk.. You still have time.. It will take 2 minutes to fill out a walk form, you get a great Enron/JDF T-shirt for collecting or donating 25 or more, and will join hundreds of Enron employees and approximately 10,000 Houstonians for the walk on Sunday, November 5th, at the Sam Houston Race Park.. I promise this will be a blast.. The Enron tent will be great again this year!. We will begin with a continental breakfast prior to the walk and when everyone returns from the walk we will have music, balloons for the children and wonderful Frankie Mandola s hamburgers, hot dogs and fries.. Parking at the Sam Houston Race Park is free.. You will be part of something very worthwhile and it will make you feel great.. This is a world class event.	This is a world class event.	Please contact any of the following Steering Committee members to make a donation, sign up as a walker, or ask any questions you may have.
assistant, please make sure they forward that information on to the A/A	1.. Only send your timesheet if you have taken time off/rotation information has changed.. Sorry, we are no longer tracking overtime since you are salary based.. To all A/A Pool members: it is important that you let us know of any time you have taken off.	To all A/A Pool members: it is important that you let us know of any time you have taken off.	To those members who are sending time on to your assistant, please make sure they forward that information on to the A/A program.
invite them to attend, if the FERC folks agree; ask the FERC folks to do	Great news.. With respect to the Commissoners, I think it makes sense to go back through Ellen and ask if she could set up meetings with a few commissioners ater the staff briefing.. cc: Susan Dudley SDudley gmu.edu. Susan got it done -- it ll be Thursday, July 26, 1-4 p.m. at FERC a room on the 3rd floor?. .. Susan has talked with Bill Albrecht.. He ll probably be coming in on Wed. p.m. Steve, any ideas about a Commissioner strategy?	He ll probably be coming in on Wed. p.m. Steve, any ideas about a Commissioner strategy?	invite them to attend, if the FERC folks agree; ask the FERC folks to do the inviting; ask the FERC folks to help set up meetings afterwards or a follow on if they like what we do and think it useful for Commissioners; try to do a walkaround -- that is, offer to have Jerry, Bill, Susan visit commissioners individually Friday a.m. after the course or Thursday a.m. before the course?
Sara, will you check the Deemed ISDA form re incorporation of definitions.			Sara, will you check the Deemed ISDA form re incorporation of definitions.
are available, please provide them to Ben.	Gus,. I believe that Ben is also looking for all the historical reports.	I believe that Ben is also looking for all the historical reports.	If those are available, please provide them to Ben.
Can you get it to her when Jeanie gets it.	We decided to get Kristan Walsh an offer for fundies.	We decided to get Kristan Walsh an offer for fundies.	Can you get it to her when Jeanie gets it.
Take me off this list please			Take me off this list please
To reserve a seat, please call Stephanie E. Taylor at 5-7928	eSource presents Lexis-Nexis training. ADVANCED. This session will cover advanced searching tips.. It will also cover using Smart Indexing to narrow your search results.. Find out how to customize your desktop for easier searching.. Attend our Lexis-Nexis Advanced Clinic: May.. PUBLIC RECORDS. Lexis-Nexis is the premier provider of public record information.. We will learn about materials available to you including Secretary of State Filings and DBA s, UCC filings, Bankruptcies, and Property Records.. If you are doing due diligence on companies, especially smaller ones, this is a session you will want to attend.. Attend our Lexis-Nexis Public Records Clinic:. May.. Seats fill up fast!	Seats fill up fast!	To reserve a seat, please call Stephanie E. Taylor at 5-7928 Cost 25.00 Per Person No Shows will be charged 50.00 Please bring your Lexis-Nexis login ID and password.
Please re-draft and let me know if there are further discrepancies.	Genaro, We have fixed the pricing in our system.	Genaro, We have fixed the pricing in our system.	Please re-draft and let me know if there are further discrepancies.
give me a call at work or at home when you can go.			give me a call at work or at home when you can go.
Tana/Sara - Could one of you please call me at  416  983-9473 to discuss the			Tana/Sara - Could one of you please call me at PHONE to discuss the ISDA Schedule?
Please prepare a new Master Physical draft per terms of the attached credit			Please prepare a new Master Physical draft per terms of the attached credit worksheet.
Please call me to discuss.	Brando: We already have a Master Agreement with Swiss Re in place so I don t understand why we would enter into another one with them to do online trades.	Brando: We already have a Master Agreement with Swiss Re in place so I don t understand why we would enter into another one with them to do online trades.	Please call me to discuss.
Could you double check my numbers please?	YES I AM.. What are the dates?. And I love your outfit today.. Are you coming to TEAL???????. ?. According to my numbers, I show we have taken 67,560 out of storage through today.. And we are taking out 12, PHONE x 5 days from the 27th - 31st.	And we are taking out 12, PHONE x 5 days from the 27th - 31st.	Could you double check my numbers please?
Please change your password by going to	I have set up your user id and password on the ET S intranet.. It will allow you to see the marketing reports, TW Marketing, and ET S updates.. Your user id and password are both mlokay .	Your user id and password are both mlokay .	Please change your password by going to http://home.ets.enron.com and pressing the Change User Info link on the navigation bar.
Please run the  NTPrint  icon on your desktop to get the latest changes.	FYI, We have replaced several printers and added 2 new color printers Newport San Diego .. Printers Catalina and Savannah are out of service until further notice.. We will continue to replace older printers over the next few days, so please be patient as we go through this process.	We will continue to replace older printers over the next few days, so please be patient as we go through this process.	Please run the NTPrint icon on your desktop to get the latest changes.
Jeff - please put these items together.	Ken Lay spoke with several California CEOs this morning and urged them to get personally involved in pushing for a comprehensive set of reforms.. Three expressed willingness to help.. Scott McNealy Sun : contact person - Piper Cole piper.cole sun.com ; scott.mcnealy engeng.sun.com.. Mcnealy wants, by close of business today, a cheat sheet of the talking points to use with politicians the 8 or 10 elements of the solution with the expected comeback he may hear from the political leaders and our response to that comeback.. He says he hasn t spent time working on issues in Sacremento so we may also want to include a list of suggested contacts.. Kevin Sharer Amgen : contact person - Sarah Jensen, VP of Engineering and Operations PHONE ; ksharer amgen.com.. Sharer wants the same information as McNealy and he and McNealy both indicated their willingness to call a meeting of other California CEOs.. Sharer will also be having breakfast with Hertzberg one week from today.. Robert Day Trust Co of the West : said that he is very close to the mayor of Los Angeles.. He urged Ken to call the mayor mentioning Day .. Ken would like some talking points for that call.	Ken would like some talking points for that call.	Jeff - please put these items together.
Please schedule 45 min. for me with each of Sara,			I have not yet done the performance reviews for several people in the group.
Kim, please forward to the traders.			Kim, please forward to the traders.
can you please get this right.			can you please get this right.
Will you two please get this info to Dutch.			Will you two please get this info to Dutch.
Please complete Hayden s form for your respective regions.			Please complete Hayden s form for your respective regions.
Would you forward this email to the person that handles COH?	Mary Lisa, Please follow up w/ Chris on his e-mail redraft..... .. Chris, I am now officially in Power.. Please forward all CES related issues to Lisa and Mary.. They are also working w/ the OA team on the o/s issues.. Thanks.. ajc. ajc. Forwarded by Audrey Cook/HOU/ECT on 12/05/2000 12:35 PM. There is a demand charge of -.22 x 900000 on this deal ticket.. I think the demand charge should be -.22 x 10,000 x days on the month.. This equals 900,000 over the term of the deal.. I changed the demand charge volume to 310,000 for Dec 310,000 for Jan 280,000 for Feb. Audrey, the global contract is PHONE and 12/2000 is the first month of this deal.. We should receive and invoice from COH for the demand charge.. There is a very slim chance we will be selling COH any gas on this deal for the month.	There is a very slim chance we will be selling COH any gas on this deal for the month.	Would you forward this email to the person that handles COH?
Please email me back and let me know if you will be there for the Friday	Hi guys!. I have been incredibly disorganized about the rsvps for Caycie s party this weekend - so if you have already sent it in, I am so sorry!	I have been incredibly disorganized about the rsvps for Caycie s party this weekend - so if you have already sent it in, I am so sorry!	Please email me back and let me know if you will be there for the Friday night dinner 8:00 - Wimberly and if you want to get a manicure/peticure on Saturday.
But there is something you can do to help make things right: please donate this money to funds set up to help repair the lives of Americans hurt by Enron s misdeeds.	Keri Lynch 719 W. Montrose Chicago, IL 60613 keri.lynch usa.net. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I believe it is your duty to to donate the millions of dollars you made from Enron stock before the bankruptcy to funds that assist former Enron employees who were so badly hit from this financial fiasco, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH.. These funds also provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. It is now known that you personally gained 100 million off of Enron stock, while many Enron employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy.. Enron also profited from the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, thousands of consumers are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the employees to buy it.. You must know, in your heart, that this is truly unfair, unjust and unethical.	You must know, in your heart, that this is truly unfair, unjust and unethical.	But there is something you can do to help make things right: please donate this money to funds set up to help repair the lives of Americans hurt by Enron s misdeeds.
Please review and let me know if you have any questions.	Attached is the revised letter based on Chris voicemail on Friday.. I also added a 30 day window during which ENAP must provide the data to Enron.	I also added a 30 day window during which ENAP must provide the data to Enron.	Please review and let me know if you have any questions.
Please revise the body of the proposal to also reflect the changes made to	Ken, I am forwarding the initialed cover letter with the changes included.	Ken, I am forwarding the initialed cover letter with the changes included.	Please revise the body of the proposal to also reflect the changes made to the cover sheet.
Give me your new address please!!!!			Give me your new address please!!!!
Please check the gd swap cheyenne positions for March.			Please check the gd swap cheyenne positions for March.
Please make sure that your Team Assignment  1 report has this first	Dear E204 Students, Please find the files on the Merton Case for problems 3, 4, 5 and the Non-Linear Programming advertising example attached to this e-mail.. We will explore more of the portfolio problem in class next week as we complete the non-linear programming module, and then we will begin the lectures on simulation you have the chapter reading as a handout .. With regard to Team Project 1, you should be looking over the three problems, discussing the facts and issues, and thinking about their formulation/solution.. Your reports are due in two weeks not next week so we can go over the problems and any questions/clarifications you may need in the next lecture.. Given the detail with which some of you have read the homework problems, I imagine there might be some clarification questions even though the problem statements were meant to be as straightforward as possible.. I would prefer to clarify all questions at one time during class since we have the extra week, but if you have something urgent you can always ask.. Note that you should have received the data file for Problem 3 of TA 1 by an e-mail attachment last night.. Finally, I would like to introduce some conformity to the Personal Problem Sets.. Please put: Last Name, First Name E204 - 1 Wed, or 2 Thurs Personal Problem Set ... Ch.. ..., ..... Date Due: ... / .../ 00 in the UPPER RIGHT HAND CORNER of your homework set on p.1 This will help our GSI record grades, especially if your homework has gone into the wrong envelope.. Also, for the Team Project 1, you will need to take the FIRST PAGE of that handout and make it the first page of your report.. All students will need to CLEAERLY print their names Last Name, First Name and then initial/sign for the statement assuring that only group members worked on the assignment with possible help from instructor/GSI/Haas computer consultant.. The cohort is either 1-Wednesday, or 2-Thursday for the lecture time.	The cohort is either 1-Wednesday, or 2-Thursday for the lecture time.	Please make sure that your Team Assignment 1 report has this first page filled out completely for each member before you submit it on April 19/20 in class by 6 PM .
this email please reply with unsubscribe me as the subject line.	This email is to let you know that the October 2001 version of NEWGen is available for download on www.rdionline.com.	This email is to let you know that the October 2001 version of NEWGen is available for download on www.rdionline.com.	If you do not want to receive this email please reply with unsubscribe me as the subject line.
Please respond to Peggy Davies  Peggy Davies baylor.edu	Peggy,. Friday lunch, supper , Sat breakfast, lunch .. One person.. Vince Kaminski	Vince Kaminski	Peggy Davies Peggy Davies baylor.edu on 03/30/2000 04:21:36 PM Please respond to Peggy Davies Peggy Davies baylor.edu To: Andres Almazan Andres.Almazan bus.utexas.edu , Murray Carlson carlsonm mail.utexas.edu , Kent Daniel kent kent.kellogg.nwu.edu , Wayne Ferson Harper1 U.Washington.edu , Denis Gromb dgromb MIT.EDU , John Hund Jhund mail.utexas.edu , Narasimhan Jegadeesh jegadees uiuc.edu , Cindy Justice Justice enron.com , Matthias Kahl matthias.kahl anderson.ucla.edu , Vince Kaminski Vince.J.Kaminski enron.com , Anthony Lynch alynch debit.stern.nyu.edu , Thomas Noe tnoe mailhost.tcs.tulane.edu , Robert Parrino Parrino mail.utexas.edu , Manju Puri puri Stanford.EDU , Ehud Ronn eronn mail.utexas.edu , Laura Starks starks mail.utexas.edu , Andrew Subra subrahm anderson.ucla.edu , Steathis Tompaidis stathis.tompaidis bus.utexas.edu cc: Subject: Texas Finance Festival URGENT Request
Please bring picture identification  i.e. 20			What would you do if: Your child care provider calls in sick?
Could you please schedule a meeting for next week for our entire group			Taffy: Could you please schedule a meeting for next week for our entire group including Jason Peters for 11/2 hours to go over changes that need to be made to our forms?
Give me a call when next you are in Ft.	Forwarded Message. Great pic!. I miss you guys.. Just got a new type rating in the GV so that is like a huge big weight off my shoulders.. I hate check rides but I did OK on this one.. My new plane gets delivered in August of next year so I have a ways to wait but it should be worth it.. The damn thing can stay in the air for 14 hours!. A crew just flew one from Beijing to Memphis non-stop.. I don t know if I can sit there that long.. I flew the F-5 today for the first time in a month and can you believe it everything worked except the pilot.. It has turned into a reliable little jet and is a blast to fly.. Today was one of those days when you could see both coasts, it was really nice being up there in my single seater.. It will be me and the F-5 now for around 8 months because we sold the GIV, something about making payments on a GV and a GIV was pretty horrific and Gulfstream conveniently for them makes you pay for the new plane when it comes off of the production line.. Then you wait 8 months while they put the interior in.. This is the first new plane that I have ever owned so I am excited.. I got to watch them mate the wing the other day which was quite a thrill.. I got a video.. No kids so I can bore people with my GV memorabilia!. How s Kath and Suze?. I was getting an irregular email from Suze for a while but I haven t heard from her from her in a while, must take after her dad.	I was getting an irregular email from Suze for a while but I haven t heard from her from her in a while, must take after her dad.	Give me a call when next you are in Ft. Lauderdale.
Also, send me a copy of your resume.  thanks.			Also, send me a copy of your resume.
Please sell this length at Palo and notify IID of the schedule.	HE 23 - 27mws HE 24 - 28mws. We are long for these two hours tonight.	We are long for these two hours tonight.	Please sell this length at Palo and notify IID of the schedule.
Please print and put in folder  Northwestern documents 4/19 .			Please print and put in folder Northwestern documents 4/19 .
Please RSVP to Teresa	IVOLUNTEERI St. Joseph Hospital is looking for volunteers during the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit Reunion.. The reunion will give the staff, former patients and their families a chance to visit and allows the staff to view first-hand the success stories of their patients.. Volunteers are asked to assist with registration, set-up and decorations, games, snacks, photos, distribution of baseball caps and clean-up.. Your act of kindness will free-up the nursing staff so they can interact with the families.. To be a part of this special day, please contact Sue at PHONE .. IHAPPENINGSI Schedule your appointment now!. Enron Blood Drive on July 20 from 7 a.m. - 4 p.m. in EB-5C2.. Call PHONE to schedule an appointment.. Join one of Houston s leading dragonfly experts, Bob Honig of Entrix, Inc. an environmental consulting firm , as he is teaches us about these amazing insects.. He will be the guest speaker at the Wild Work Brown Bag Lunch on June 30, 2000 Friday in EB 5C2 from 11:30 to 12:30.	He will be the guest speaker at the Wild Work Brown Bag Lunch on June 30, 2000 Friday in EB 5C2 from 11:30 to 12:30.	Please RSVP to Teresa Nava at PHONE .
Please advise me soonest your availability for a conference call re: the	you re fired.. Please note:. On the last notice regarding this conference call, I erroneously omitted part of the call-in number, which is:. PHONE . My apologies.. Joseph. Forwarded by Joseph Alamo/NA/Enron on 11/30/2000 10:31 AM. On behalf of Enron Host Jeff Dasovich, please be advised that a conference call has been arranged, on the above-referenced topic, as noted below:. Thanks in advance for your participation.. Joseph. Forwarded by Joseph Alamo/NA/Enron on 11/30/2000 09:58 AM. Gentlemen:	Gentlemen:	Please advise me soonest your availability for a conference call re: the above-referenced topic on Thursday, November 30th at 3:00 PM PST.
Please send reply  to ME,  ASAP.			Please send reply to ME, ASAP.
Can you help me?	I have not had a response from HR re my employee referral.	I have not had a response from HR re my employee referral.	Can you help me?
contact me as soon as possible with your comments.	How does this look to you?. Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 04/17/2001 09:19 AM. paulhastings.com made the following annotations on 04/16/01 19:20:46. NEW E-MAIL ADDRESSES AT PAUL, HASTINGS, JANOFSKY WALKER LLP. We have changed our e-mail address.. Our new domain name is paulhastings.com.. In most cases, our address is composed of conventional first name and last name plus paulhastings.com.. Here are two examples: janesmith paulhastings.com and danjones paulhastings.com.. If you have any questions, please contact us at noc paulhastings.com.. The information transmitted is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material.. Any review, retransmission, dissemination or other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon, this information by persons or entities other than the intended recipient is prohibited.. If you received this in error, please contact the sender and delete the material from all computers.. Attached is the letter we discussed regarding the extension of the exclusivity period.. ?. ?If the letter is acceptable, Mike Young will execute a copy of the letter and forward it to Enron for its signature.?	?If the letter is acceptable, Mike Young will execute a copy of the letter and forward it to Enron for its signature.?	Please contact me as soon as possible with your comments.
Could you check with a tech person at Enron to find out whether your paging	Don,. As promised I talked to someone here who is knowledgable about pagers.. The pager service GMP subscribes to has nationwide service, and GMP only subscribes to service for the Northeast because that s all we require.. I m betting that Enron s paging provider has nationwide service, so the page sent by Vermont Yankee will reach Houston as long as Enron subscribes to nationwide service.. The tech here at GMP said that a lot of paging is Internet based now.. For instance a page sent by Vermont Yankee would be translated into an email and arrive in Houston as an email and then a machine in Houston would transmit the email to a tower in Houston which would send the page.. I was told by someone at Vermont Yankee they use Air Source Pro software to send the page and Enron s paging provider must have software compatible with Air Source Pro in order for Enron to receive the page.	I was told by someone at Vermont Yankee they use Air Source Pro software to send the page and Enron s paging provider must have software compatible with Air Source Pro in order for Enron to receive the page.	Could you check with a tech person at Enron to find out whether your paging provider is compatible with Air Source Pro and whether Enron subscribes to nationwide service?
Make your checks payable to Enron Cycling Club and send to address below.	I visited with Joseph Kaye last evening.. He is now in a private room, and is healing as fast as he can.. He is able to sit up by himself, and can walk the hall with assistance.. His remarkable recovery is, no doubt, due to his equally remarkable attitude.. His left arm is in a cast, and he is in a lot of pain from the fractures to his face and the back of his skull.. It s difficult for him to eat because of the discomfort remaining from the intubation which had kept him alive immediately following the accident.. In spite of all the above, he looks toward his full recovery and wanted me to tell you that he knows he is alive because of your prayers.. He was proudly wearing an MS150 finish pin on his hospital gown which Pat Bertotti took to him, and was thrilled with the finish cap from Team Enron.. When I asked what he d like to tell the team, he asked me to send you his love and his appreciation for your prayers.. He also asked that you always remember how precious life is, how precious our basic life functions are that we sometimes take for granted.....He shared with me that his Pedal Partner, Tim Hart, had come to visit him at the hospital to thank him for the effort he made to ride and raise money for MS. Joseph knows that the pain and struggle he has now will be gone in time, but that his Pedal Partner has year after year to deal with the circumstances of managing his life with MS.. Joseph purchased, just before the tour, a great pair of sunglasses with prescription lenses.. They were totaled in the crash, and I thought it would be a good idea for the team to replace those glasses for him.. If you d like to donate to this, please send your checks to me.. It wouldn t take much from each rider, and what we have left, we can donate to MS in Joseph s honor, since I m sure he ll not be in any shape to collect his pledges before deadline, and I know he is concerned about the pledges he had promised.. He is very devoted to this cause.	He is very devoted to this cause.	Make your checks payable to Enron Cycling Club and send to address below.
Come by and see me when you are in Houston.	Interesante.. Cuidado.	Cuidado.	Come by and see me when you are in Houston.
Check with Daren Farmer when you get ready to do the flash invoice on the first to confirm the MidCon volume amounts and dates	Rebecca. For Mobil in March, beginning on March 21, HPL started delivering 30,000/d for MidCon just like we did in Dec and Jan, and maybe in Feb too	For Mobil in March, beginning on March 21, HPL started delivering 30,000/d for MidCon just like we did in Dec and Jan, and maybe in Feb too	Check with Daren Farmer when you get ready to do the flash invoice on the first to confirm the MidCon volume amounts and dates
Please send to all the VE attysBREAKOriginal MessageBREAK			Please send to all the VE attys
please check price			Kate, please check price 530376.01 Swerzbin Enron Sells Wesco June Pv 25 mws
Lets go ahead and send the revised schedule to corporate.	Dara,. I made a couple of changes.	I made a couple of changes.	Lets go ahead and send the revised schedule to corporate.
Please respond to			Brent R. Larsen brent.larsen redm To: stanmarek marekbros.com eteor.com cc: Subject: Follow-Up - Brent Larsen 02/19/01 05:26 PM Please respond to brent.larsen
Can you please prepare a Unanimous Consent for Enron Midstream Services,	Mary,	Mary,	Can you please prepare a Unanimous Consent for Enron Midstream Services, L.L.C.
at these and give me a call.	Steve, Attached is a list of the Hub Deals we have currently in the system.. I tried to reconcile them to the sheet you sent me but could not.	I tried to reconcile them to the sheet you sent me but could not.	Please take a look at these and give me a call.
Kay, please add these in for the final	Lee and others ,. Exhibit B is the EECC spec, right?. I do not know if I have an electronic version.. If locating it is a problem, we can copy what we have unless there is some reason to handle it otherwise.. Exhibit H-2 is the S S training program dated 2/3/00.. Lee/Mike, do you have more copies of that document that we can attach?. Kay. Folks,. John Ayres and I went through the Facility Agreement and Exhibits for the ESA Turbine Purchase Agreement.. There were a few edits needed on Guarantee Basis F-1 and Scope of Supply Exhibits B and N-2 .. Also, one change to the Emissions Test Exhibit.. John and I believe other than adding in the other Exhibits B-1 and H-2, this is ready for execution copy.	John and I believe other than adding in the other Exhibits B-1 and H-2, this is ready for execution copy.	Kay, please add these in for the final circulation.
Could you ask Mike who did the trade which is	Kate, I have a couple of confirms I received from BPA with the following info.. I spoke with BPA and they said that their trader had talked to Sean Crandall and agreed to Mid Columbia as the Delivery point, however in the Enpower they have Northwest Delivered.. Could you please check into:. 492613.01, 492612.01, 492611.01, 488524.01, 488523.01 These all say NW in the system but BPA has Mid C on confirm. 491609.01 This trade has a trade date of 1/8/01.. But on BPA s confirm they have a trade date of 1/5/01.	But on BPA s confirm they have a trade date of 1/5/01.	Could you ask Mike who did the trade which is correct?
Please send information on my recommendation to the following person:	To the attention of: Dr Kenneth L. Lay Chairman and Chief Executive Officer ENRON CORPORATION. Dear Dr Lay,. While it appears that the US economy is moving towards the much-talked about soft-landing , there are nevertheless imbalances - particularly the severe shortage of labor and surging trade deficit - which have given global business leaders reason to be wary.. Add to this scenario the new political landscape, and the recent hike in oil prices, and there is every reason to pay close attention to the USA in early 2001.. Taking place within the first 100 days of the new Administration, the USA Meeting 2001 will bring together key members of the cabinet and congressional leadership, several hundred chief executives from over forty countries, as well as renowned experts and media leaders.. In our usual Davos-style interactive discussions, we will analyse the current state of the world s largest market against the backdrop of the global economy.. Held in collaboration with the National Chamber Foundation, the USA Meeting takes place at the headquarters of the US Chamber of Commerce, across from the White House.. The Meeting is widely recognised as the premier Washington event for business leaders from the United States and around the world.. A full brochure will be sent to you after the election but wanted to take the opportunity to inform you at this early stage so you can already block April 4-5, 2001 on your agenda.. I hope that I will have the pleasure of welcoming you in Washington, DC next April, and look forward to hearing from you soon.. For further information, please do not hesitate to contact Chantal Humbert-Droz at PHONE or e-mail: usameeting weforum.org.. You may also consult our website, http://www.weforum.org/usa, where information will be updated regularly.. Yours sincerely,. Frederic Sicre Managing Director, Regional Strategies World Economic Forum. Please keep me updated on the USA Meeting 2001.. I am unable to participate in the USA Meeting 2001.	I am unable to participate in the USA Meeting 2001.	Please send information on my recommendation to the following person:
Please forward any such documentation to Cheryl Johnson.	If that is the best we can do, so be it.. Global SAP. We have another problem with that 90 character thing.... Global SAP. I ve added all the remaining characters that the system willl allow, Board of Port Commi .. Global SAP. Hello Tana,. The Global SAP team Cheryl Johnson handles any Counterparty Name changes upon receipt of support documentation from the Counterparty.	The Global SAP team Cheryl Johnson handles any Counterparty Name changes upon receipt of support documentation from the Counterparty.	Please forward any such documentation to Cheryl Johnson.
Please review and provide any	Attached is a draft of the response to Bridgeline issue memo concerning various issues in the Contribution Agreement.	Attached is a draft of the response to Bridgeline issue memo concerning various issues in the Contribution Agreement.	Please review and provide any comments you may have.
Hey buddy, could you enter these Sitara numbers in the CES retail worksheet			Hey buddy, could you enter these Sitara numbers in the CES retail worksheet for March for the NIMO contracts k 5A2383 deal 204522 k 5A2382 deal 204527
Finally, can you fax me the application and lease from  9.	Lucy,. 32 and 29 are fine.. 28 paid weekly on 1/5.. Then he switched to biweekly.. He should have paid 260 on 1/12.. Two weeks rent in advance.. Instead he paid 260 on 1/19.. He either needs to get back on schedule or let him know he is paying in the middle of his two weeks.. He is only paid one week in advance.. This is not a big deal, but you should be clear with tenants that rent is due in advance.. Here is an updated rentroll.. Please use this one instead of the one I sent you this morning.	Please use this one instead of the one I sent you this morning.	Finally, can you fax me the application and lease from 9.
Would you please provide another method of accessing the	I wasn t able to execute the link you had attached on your recent email regarding a survey.	I wasn t able to execute the link you had attached on your recent email regarding a survey.	Would you please provide another method of accessing the survey?
Please calendar for me.			Please calendar for me.
Could you run a NX3 position report for our book please.	Kathy,	Kathy,	Could you run a NX3 position report for our book please.
Please review any prerequisite material to validate your eligibility in this			Please review any prerequisite material to validate your eligibility in this class.
Please give me a call when you get this.			Please give me a call when you get this.
please get on calendar			please get on calendar
Could you please check and let me know which volume is good.	The 4429 is good.. D. This was a weekend deal with Mirant.. On your spreadsheet, the volume shows 4429.. This is also the volume that I confirmed with Mirant.. The deal is in Unify for 5429.	The deal is in Unify for 5429.	Could you please check and let me know which volume is good.
Please keep this for reference as we create a holiday contact list.			Please keep this for reference as we create a holiday contact list.
Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the followin	Current Notes User: 20. To ensure that you experience a successful migration from Notes to Outlook, it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date o f migration.	To ensure that you experience a successful migration from Notes to Outlook, it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date o f migration.	Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the followin g survey.
Please take a look   the following and let me know, which FAX machine you	Kevin,. Per your request, please see below:. New Facsimile Machine Information	New Facsimile Machine Information	Please take a look the following and let me know, which FAX machine you choose or if you need information on something smaller, then I will have the Vendor contact you directly to finalise installation.
Anne, per our discussion, could you get with Rosalie Fleming about this?			Anne, per our discussion, could you get with Rosalie Fleming about this?
To login please use this URL:	The News Review site, http://www.news-review.co.uk home of Weekend City Press Review, now offers registered users two new features:. All registered users can now:. - do a text search in addition to a company search on the full six-year archive. - and set up favourite companies on their home page for easier and faster access to articles within the Review and the archive which relate to those companies. The best way to keep abreast of the weekend s financial news and views is to receive an email copy of Weekend City Press Review, either via the full Review, or the Clippings relating to specific companies in which you are interested.. Registered users are invited to take up the free offer of a 4 week subscription to any of the services, including PDF delivery of the Review, and the Clippings service.	Registered users are invited to take up the free offer of a 4 week subscription to any of the services, including PDF delivery of the Review, and the Clippings service.	To login please use this URL: http://www.news-review.co.uk/cgi-bin/gen5?runprog wcpr access PHONE 1086 type login
provide me your comments.	Carol, attached is the Canadian industrial on which I have worked, both clean and redlined from the US industrial the redlined annexes are somewhat laborious .. Please note in the area of transaction formation that Canada desired confirmation with and without phone wherein confirmation is prepared and signed with counterparty at the table so to speak .	Please note in the area of transaction formation that Canada desired confirmation with and without phone wherein confirmation is prepared and signed with counterparty at the table so to speak .	Please review and provide me your comments.
Please respond to  nmann erac.com	I saw pictures on the tv screens on one of the floors, but I didn t hear about the capture.. How did they do it?	How did they do it?	Neil Mann nmann erac.com on 01/22/2001 04:11:02 PM Please respond to nmann erac.com To: C. Kay Mann E-mail Kay.Mann Enron.com cc:
Paul:  Could you please resend the hedge fund email?			Paul: Could you please resend the hedge fund email?
Can you please provide me with a list of people for this purpose.			Can you please provide me with a list of people for this purpose.
Please transfer the storage balance of 420 dth from contract 530750 to VNG			Please transfer the storage balance of 420 dth from contract 530750 to VNG contract 300008.
Please forward to me if you do.	Do you have a list of ongoing projects the Southern Cone Gov t Affairs group is engaged in?	Do you have a list of ongoing projects the Southern Cone Gov t Affairs group is engaged in?	Please forward to me if you do.
Hi Vince- Please examine.			Hi Vince- Please examine.
Joe:  Per my voice mail, see part  iii  of the above and please revise to			Joe: Per my voice mail, see part iii of the above and please revise to provide accurate description of the condition to which you agreed with MediaNews.
review, please give me a call to discuss same.	Thank you for your phone call regarding the status of the agreement.	Thank you for your phone call regarding the status of the agreement.	Attached is a redlined draft incorporating your changes and ENA s. Upon your review, please give me a call to discuss same.
Please review and if	Ellen, I received your voice mail and your email this morning.. I made each of the changes from your email to the two contract documents.	I made each of the changes from your email to the two contract documents.	Please review and if acceptable, please start the execution process by printing two originals of each document.
If fact, please review	Hi Carolyn,. Here are my intial comments on the letter agreement and LLC:. 1.. Will there be a second set of documents for the LLC getting the transformer as well as the turbine?. 2.. Tax liability - I think we should broaden the tax section to offload responsibility for taxes related to the transfer and ownership of the equipment, not just the sale.. I believe this should be a TEH responsibility.. 3.. Terminology - Breakout contract should be Facility Agreement, and commercial operations should be as defined in the Facility Agreement a reference is fine .. 4.. Confidentiality - any reason not to have them agree to be bound by the confidentiality provisions in the facility agreement?	Confidentiality - any reason not to have them agree to be bound by the confidentiality provisions in the facility agreement?	If fact, please review the confidentiality provisions in the GE agreement so that we can discuss same.
Please review for possible signing by Steve Harris on today.	Lee and Bill, please find attached two SW Gas Proposals from Kim Watson.	Lee and Bill, please find attached two SW Gas Proposals from Kim Watson.	Please review for possible signing by Steve Harris on today.
Pls review and let s discuss asap.	Steph, further to our discussion, Pls review.. I took a quick look at the locations and most appear to be East based.. You might want to use an analyst to figure this out.. Also, they have valued the inventories off of the Nymex only or so it appears and I would have to believe that the value of these molecules is materially different than this.	Also, they have valued the inventories off of the Nymex only or so it appears and I would have to believe that the value of these molecules is materially different than this.	Pls review and let s discuss asap.
you please fax the evaluation to me at your earliest convenience at  713	Patricia,. Barbara Pierce did not show up on my list of people asking for a review.. Maybe a glitch in the system.. Vince. Thank you for agreeing to interview Barbara Pierce.. Unfortunately we are unable to proceed because we have not received all of her evaluations.	Unfortunately we are unable to proceed because we have not received all of her evaluations.	Can you please fax the evaluation to me at your earliest convenience at 7 PHONE and send the original via interoffice mail to EB1171.
Will you attend the meeting at FERC?	FYI.	FYI.	Will you attend the meeting at FERC?
Susan:  Would you please handle this?			Susan: Would you please handle this?
Can you check up on the status of the review?	Please give me an update so we can get this done.. Mark. Mark:. Happy new year.. I hope your new year was eventful on the personal side and uneventful on the business side.. As you will have seen from my e-mail earlier this week, we are very close to final on the Supplement.. We just have a couple of firms to hear from and we are chasing them down.. One of those is Enron, which you recall took on the responsibility for the various commodities that no one else volunteered for benzene methanol .	One of those is Enron, which you recall took on the responsibility for the various commodities that no one else volunteered for benzene methanol .	Can you check up on the status of the review?
Can you email me your	Kim:. thanks for passing this on.. For my info, what is the minimum volume your group likes to work with.. We have other customers and I want to make sure I include you in other sourcing events as they fit your profile.. Derek:. when do you think you can get back to me on this?	when do you think you can get back to me on this?	Can you email me your contact information.
Give me a call anytime if you d like to talk.	Excellent....i will be in town that weekend.. You just name the time and place.. I was definitely mint-juleped...i love that.. I think those were the last days of disco for mo.. I plan to be very lame for the next few weeks..read a lot...spring cleaning, that kind of thing.. So hopefully i ll hear from you soon.. Take care, Mo.. Hey,. Yes, I tried calling on Saturday night but you must have already been mint juleped if that is a verb...you tell me?. I actually did not make it down this weekend...forgot it was Mother s Day so I stayed here and did the brunch thing with Mom and Grandma in Connecticut, will be coming down on Memorial Day Weekend so maybe we can say hello then.. I ll try calling you this weekend anyway and we can swap our relationship stories.. Glad you had a good time in Kentucky and you made it home safely.. Talk to you soon...promise.. joe. Hey there,. Did you call me at the Derby?. I have some vague recollection of getting a voice mail from you...however i had many many mint juleps and was very intoxicated.. I actually flew in on saturday and out sunday morning....was maybe there 16hrs tops.. Anyway, I guess you were here this weekend.. Hope everything went well.	Hope everything went well.	Give me a call anytime if you d like to talk.
there are any credit concerns, please call me at 403-267-7987	Tana,. I am following up on the issue for Maureen Piercey who is out of the office.. Will the TransAlta guarantee provided to Enron North America for financial deals be acceptable?. TransAlta currently sleeves the financial deals through Enron Canada, and TransAlta can not continue to do this due to the administrative difficulties that are created by this process.. Please let me know if the guarantee attached below is acceptable, and if Enron North America will be will to sign the ISDA amendment.. If you want to contact me directly, my number is PHONE .. Thanks, Geordie. Attached please find the form of Guarantee to be issued by TransAlta.. It is the same form we issued to Enron for physical power transactions.	It is the same form we issued to Enron for physical power transactions.	If there are any credit concerns, please call me at PHONE
Can you take care of getting this for me?	Brandee,. For this meeting, I will need a laptop and a projector in the conference room.	For this meeting, I will need a laptop and a projector in the conference room.	Can you take care of getting this for me?
Please call me at work 713-345-8274 with info on how to pick them up.	I would like to purchase 2 of the 20 General Admin Tickets fo New Year s Eve.	I would like to purchase 2 of the 20 General Admin Tickets fo New Year s Eve.	Please call me at work PHONE with info on how to pick them up.
Please prepare a deemed ISDA for this transaction.			Please prepare a deemed ISDA for this transaction.
For Marketing-specific questions, please use the following contacts.	We are getting ready for the launch of NetcoOnline and have been preparing new documentation, a refreshed site design and cleaned products to reflect our Gas and Power focus.. The following timetable could change, but the general sequence should apply in any case:. Week of Jan 14:. Upon approval by the new buyer of the PA and ETA formats, we will contact the Master Users at our Top 50 customers and send them copies of the final PA and ETA forms with our new buyer s name filled in.. During this week, we will be working hard to get as many of the PA s returned as possible.. Once we have an approved PA, we can send the customer their new User ID, which will allow them to start trading on the day we launch NetCoOnline .. A Splash page will be available within two business days of knowing our new company name, on a web page reached via an automatic redirect from www.enrononline.com.. This page will tell customers about the pending launch of NetCoOnline and provide links to the PA and Registration screens and also to the User Admin screens, which will allow customer Master Users to start setting up their Sub users.. The Splash page will look something like the following:. A Press Release will be issued which will include the planned launch date of NetcoOnline. Week of Jan. 21:. If all goes well, NetcoOnline will be launched on Tuesday, January 22, with at least financial products timing for gas physical and power physical to be determined according to regulatory issues .. We will send out a mass mailing to approx.. 3,000 individuals at 450 companies inviting them to sign up for NetcoOnline.. Included in the package will be a simple brochure, copies of the PA and ETA, key messages and a list of Frequently Asked Questions.. General Terms and Conditions GTC s will be available online and must be accepted online before a company can start to trade a particular commodity.. Trading/Origination Coordination. Certain individuals in the Trading and Origination groups will be contacting customers on our Top 50 list to introduce the new company and begin the process of getting signed PA s. The NetcoOnline marketing team will work with Trading and Origination groups to make sure that all Master Users that previously had EnronOnline North American Gas and Power execution rights are contacted within one week of the PA and ETA being approved by the new buyer.. NetcoOnline Marketing will follow up with the Master Users to make sure PA s are signed and returned.. NetcoOnline Marketing Contacts:	NetcoOnline Marketing Contacts:	For Marketing-specific questions, please use the following contacts.
Anyway take it easy and give me a call in the New Year and we ll get together for a drink.	Kerrie,. Hope you had a great Christmas.. Mine was great.. Very low key and relaxing.. You missed a great night out in Red Deer on Saturday.. High School reunion.	High School reunion.	Anyway take it easy and give me a call in the New Year and we ll get together for a drink.
Per my voice mail, will you please take a quick look at my edits to Vlady s			Per my voice mail, will you please take a quick look at my edits to Vlady s draft risk management policy attached below.
Please review the curves against the broker data you have  including electronic files , and indicate any gaps.	Gentlemen,. Attached is a spreadsheet of Enron s curve names for the Texas book.. We just need a quick status on the broker quotes you have and the ones still needed/missing.	We just need a quick status on the broker quotes you have and the ones still needed/missing.	Please review the curves against the broker data you have including electronic files , and indicate any gaps.
Would you print off enough colour copies for the Houston attendees?	Sharron,. Please find attached the presentation for the meeting on Helsinki with Joe Sutton at 8.30am there have been some minor changes from earlier versions .	Please find attached the presentation for the meeting on Helsinki with Joe Sutton at 8.30am there have been some minor changes from earlier versions .	Would you print off enough colour copies for the Houston attendees?
Can you fax or email a  resume to me.	Thanks for the email.	Thanks for the email.	Can you fax or email a resume to me.
Would you please look at this	I was able to change the first deal in Sitara, but the other pricing request I did not feel comfortable making any changes.	I was able to change the first deal in Sitara, but the other pricing request I did not feel comfortable making any changes.	Would you please look at this pricing issue for Client Services since they need to get it paid on Monday.
Please forward the revised draft of the GE Consent to Winston   Strawn	I ve redlined the document against the previous version, but I don t think I picked up all the changes.. In addition to the marked changes, there are these changes:. D. third line, added Original before LM6000.. This change is made throughout the document.. D. pentultimate line, replaced EECC with ENA.. Dated everything December 15; added with respect to the Subject LM6000 Turbines after Original Turbine Contract throughout E. Added and between rights obligations in iii 2 c Added the Pastoria One-Train Turbine Contract in ii and iii .. Kay. OK with you guys for me to add this?. Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 12/08/2000 12:13 PM. Winston Strawn has asked that the following be added to the Consents to Assignment e.g., in the Successors and Assigns paragraph :. WestLB is an express third-party beneficiary of this Consent.	WestLB is an express third-party beneficiary of this Consent.	Please forward the revised draft of the GE Consent to Winston Strawn toxley winston.com .
please give Entex a call on Monday and ask them to remain at the current	Tom-	Tom-	Given the difficulty we re having getting our gas from Lone Star at Katy, please give Entex a call on Monday and ask them to remain at the current level or lower until further notice.
Please can you send me clarification on the compensation and obligation structures when there is termination without cause.	Michelle,	Michelle,	Please can you send me clarification on the compensation and obligation structures when there is termination without cause.
Can you dig up Peter Thompson s number for me?	Hi there,	Hi there,	Can you dig up Peter Thompson s number for me?
Please forward any other comments to me for inclusion before I send this to	Not sure why you weren t on this distribution..... Please find attached a red-lined version of the Asset Purchase Agreement.	Please find attached a red-lined version of the Asset Purchase Agreement.	Please forward any other comments to me for inclusion before I send this to ECO s attorneys.
please take a few minutes today to fill out Enron s annual employee feedbac	Is available: through Friday, Oct. 27 Is located at: survey.enron.com. You only have one more week to check your pulse.	You only have one more week to check your pulse.	Your input is crucial, so 20 please take a few minutes today to fill out Enron s annual employee feedbac k 20 survey.
Could you make sure that these seven deals are changed in Tagg to ENA I would	Darron,	Darron,	Could you make sure that these seven deals are changed in Tagg to ENA I would really appreciate it.
If possible, could you please provide	Mark,. I recently moved back to ENA as director of trading accounting which includes accounting for all of our futures activity.. We are getting a lot of inquiries as to how Enron can save money regarding this activity.. One area that was mentioned was Enron becoming a clearing member.. I was told this route had been pursued in the past and dropped.. Your name was provided as the Enron legal rep who worked this.	Your name was provided as the Enron legal rep who worked this.	If possible, could you please provide me with the reasons this avenue was not considered a good fit for Enron.
Please read Yair s message and let me know asap.	Tracy:	Tracy:	Please read Yair s message and let me know asap.
Can you help us determine the transport rate	Jeff,. We ve obtained a tariff filing that Sempra made with the CRE in Mexico to determine the transportation rates charged by Sempra International to transport gas in Mexico.	We ve obtained a tariff filing that Sempra made with the CRE in Mexico to determine the transportation rates charged by Sempra International to transport gas in Mexico.	Can you help us determine the transport rate charged to move gas from the California border to the Mexican border through Socal and SDG E?
plz call when you have a minute.			plz call when you have a minute.
Please speak with Tana.			Please speak with Tana.
Check out the latest issue of eBiz at home.enron.com.			Check out the latest issue of eBiz at home.enron.com.
Please contact me should you have any other  questions.	Anything you want me to do?. The following illustrious FERC group will be with us on 31 the morning of Dec. 7.. They have asked to have a demonstration in detail of EPMI s systems that track OASIS and market information.. Many of them have not seen EOL, so we need to show them that as well.. The fact that this group is made up of so many FERC office directors means that this visit comes at the request of the Chairman Hoecker.. They will be visiting Dynegy and El Paso later that day.. They are definitely interested in a good presentation from Enron, as we have given them in the past -- primarily because they met so many senior Enron executives.. It would be great if Dave Delainey or John Lavorato could also come by to meet them.. Thanks.. Donna:?. The following FERC Staff will be attending the meeting we requested at Enron HQ on December 7 at 8:00 am - 11:30 am:?. Daniel Larcamp head of Office of Market Tariff and Rates and Scott Miller s boss , Michael Herlihy Head of Finance, Accounting and Operations , Fernanda Young Chief Information Officer for FERC , Charles Whitmore head of Strategy and Organizational Management , George Godding works for Dan Larcamp--Manager of Information Technology , Scott Miller Director, Energy Market and Director of the Staff Investigations issued last month , Thomas Brownfield works for Scott Miller , and Karen Robinson in Strategy and Organizational Management .. ?	?	Please contact me should you have any other questions.
Please complete this form as quickly as possible  Brent, for you	I discussed the work permit issue with the UK and they agree we need to apply as quickly as possible - especially for you, Brent, as it usually takes 4 weeks.	I discussed the work permit issue with the UK and they agree we need to apply as quickly as possible - especially for you, Brent, as it usually takes 4 weeks.	Please complete this form as quickly as possible Brent, for you today would be great!
As discussed please Email the	Gary good talking to you today.. As discussed the following is a list of staff that need to changed on your OASIS site.	As discussed the following is a list of staff that need to changed on your OASIS site.	As discussed please Email the user names and passwords for the new accounts directly to the users indicated below.
Please respond to The Motley Fool			Please respond to The Motley Fool FOOLWATCH - THE MOTLEY FOOL Thursday, May 17, 2001 benjamin.rogers enron.com Editor s Picks:
Can you resend me the initial memo.	I m getting closer.	I m getting closer.	Can you resend me the initial memo.
Please explain -	Hi Ragan,. I am sure this is a joke , but I dont get it..	I am sure this is a joke , but I dont get it..	Please explain - ANd I am doing fine - I am tired these days that age thing , you know .
Please follow the steps below to access the new environment	IMPORTANT - THE IDS BELOW WILL BE YOUR PERMANENT ACCESS TO PRODUCTION. Your PRODUCTION User ID and Password has been set up on UBSWenergy.	Your PRODUCTION User ID and Password has been set up on UBSWenergy.	Please follow the steps below to access the new environment:
Call me when you are ready to talk about Red Rock Energy and Williams deals.	Hey guys,	Hey guys,	Call me when you are ready to talk about Red Rock Energy and Williams deals.
please schedule			please schedule
Please call Jennifer Rudolph of Houston ofc   713.345.8206 re: inquiry on	Jennifer: To my knowledge, there s been no decision made to date on this issue of exit fees, either at the PUC or the legislature.. But it s my understanding that the rate increases just imposed by the PUC will NOT apply to DA customers.. What happens to customers who switch today, I m not sure.. Jeanne, any thoughts?. Sue/Jeff:	Sue/Jeff:	Please call Jennifer Rudolph of Houston ofc PHONE re: inquiry on Exit fees -- to begin retro to February?
Please run a new P L	I made some big changes to the index curves tonight.	I made some big changes to the index curves tonight.	Please run a new P L early in the morning in order to estimate what the changes in book value will be.
call me at home.	Stinson and Vince,. I finalized the presentation for John Lavorato, he said he is ready to present it to Greg.. He is happy with the work we provided.. I will be on vocation starting next week.. I attached the simulation models here in case that you need them.. The OC version deals with open-close trading and CC version deals with continuous trading.	The OC version deals with open-close trading and CC version deals with continuous trading.	Should you have any questions, or need to run different scenarios, please call me at home.
could you forward copies of the LDC filings to the group.	I agree.. I suggest the following.. Joe, we need you to go give a pitch to Massey s assistats about what is going on.. Next Jerry Halvorsen has scheduled a lunch with Massey in two weeks.. He has invited me to attend.. What do you think?. We need to communicate with Massey before he gets completely carried away blaming the interstate pipeline business for gas price spikes.. We need to get him the information regarding Cal LDCs failure to fill storage and their opposition to additional pipeline construction in the state.	We need to get him the information regarding Cal LDCs failure to fill storage and their opposition to additional pipeline construction in the state.	Shelley -- could you forward copies of the LDC filings to the group.
Hey could you do me a favor and fax me my brackets.			Hey could you do me a favor and fax me my brackets.
Please log on to  http://home.enron.com  and click on the United Way logo.	Your HRGIS Id: PHONE Your Password: Date of Birth Format YYYYMMDD Current users of the HR Global Launch Zone will maintain the same password.. Enron s United Way Campaign has been extended for three days!	Enron s United Way Campaign has been extended for three days!	Please log on to http://home.enron.com and click on the United Way logo.
Please send me the details of the nomination error when you get a chance.			Please send me the details of the nomination error when you get a chance.
Please send numbers 84 and 85.			Please send numbers 84 and 85.
Please take the necessary actions to reduce non-critical	AN ISO STAGE 2 ALERT 5 Reserve Margin HAS BEEN DECLARED.. Today, 05/31/2001, California s electric reserves are approaching critically low levels.. To avoid possible blackouts and help lower energy costs, we need your help.	To avoid possible blackouts and help lower energy costs, we need your help.	Please take the necessary actions to reduce non-critical electric use as soon as possible.
with your approval, please execute the agreements and return them to me via	At the request of Bob Shults, I am attaching our proposed form of Broker Electronic Transaction Agreement and Fee Agreement.	At the request of Bob Shults, I am attaching our proposed form of Broker Electronic Transaction Agreement and Fee Agreement.	If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreements and return them to me via fax no.
Could you please forward an example of one to me?	Elizabeth,. We are working on a settlement transaction which will leave a variety of relationships in place with a group of financially troubled companies.. We d been negotiating a netting agreement, and after you spoke to our group, it occurred to us that we ought to take a look at your netting agreements for potential use in our transaction.	We d been negotiating a netting agreement, and after you spoke to our group, it occurred to us that we ought to take a look at your netting agreements for potential use in our transaction.	Could you please forward an example of one to me?
Please review and let me know if this appropriate and I have included	Mark. Here is a draft of the memo I prepared to explain the Negative CTC assignment issue.	Here is a draft of the memo I prepared to explain the Negative CTC assignment issue.	Please review and let me know if this appropriate and I have included the correct individuals on the distribution list.
Please provide me with the delivering PL and contract numbers/volumes  for			Please provide me with the delivering PL and contract numbers/volumes for each of the attached.
Brian - can you ask Lenny to play?	We need a couple of extra players tonight.. Luis - do you have a friend that can play?	Luis - do you have a friend that can play?	Brian - can you ask Lenny to play?
signature line, add  name, title   Pls send me the final letter so I can	I ll have Joseph clean up the letter and send you the email/fax s etc.. for the list, for the cards that I gathered.. Best, Jeff. Jeff -- Thanks for your phone message.. I m stuck and need your help.. My Microsoft Word isn t working, and I want to send something out to the ceos asap tuesday.. Can you clean up the letter?	Can you clean up the letter?	I m fine w/ your edits for the signature line, add name, title Pls send me the final letter so I can detach.
Please, take a look at this resume.			Please, take a look at this resume.
please call him at your convenience so he can elaborate on the situation.	Andrea,. If I left anything out, please let me know.. Also, we have an office in Chicago and they are looking for an Analyst also.. I have some responsibilities for the Chicago region as well as the West region here in the Houston office.. Richard Tomaski PHONE is the lead trader in the Chicago office and I told him I would mention this request to you.	Richard Tomaski PHONE is the lead trader in the Chicago office and I told him I would mention this request to you.	Will you please call him at your convenience so he can elaborate on the situation.
Please prepare and send out at your earliest convenience.	Dan Debra -. Attached is a worksheet for a new Master Firm Purchase/Sale with Louis Dreyfus Natural Gas Corporation.. Fred Lagrasta ext.. 36529 can give you the name of the contact to whom the draft should be sent.	36529 can give you the name of the contact to whom the draft should be sent.	Please prepare and send out at your earliest convenience.
If that was not clear please give me a call.	We will look forward to seeing you in Rick Causey s CAO Staff Meeting on May 9th at 8:30 in EB46C1.. I listened to your voice mail message --thanks for the clarification around the recruiting process for one analyst program.. My dad was released from the hospital on Saturday, following what seemed like a very long ten day stay.. He lost a lot of weight while being fed only by IV for 8 of those days, so he is under orders to eat everything in sight!. Hopefully, this most recent operation will result in overall better health for him going forward.. Thanks for asking.. --Sally. Sally, I received your voice mail and responded to it.. However, I wanted to follow-up to confirm that we would be able to attend the Staff Mtg.. on May 9th at 8:30.. We will begin so that you guys can carry on after we are finished.. I left some information regarding recruiting on the voice mail.	I left some information regarding recruiting on the voice mail.	If that was not clear please give me a call.
Please forward this information to any one you know who might	Invest in your future.. One of the characteristics of successful people is that they take the time to increase their knowledge and enhance their value to the organization.. For specific dates, hotels and other information, call PHONE or visit http://www.pgsenergy.com/schedule.html. 1 Fundamentals of Energy Electricity Futures, Options Derivatives 2 Fundamentals of Electric Power Trading 3 Gas-to-Electricity Arbitrage How to Maximize the Profitability of Electric Generation Assets 4 Fundamentals of Statistical Analysis.. 5 How to Value Electric Generation Assets as Real Options 6 Managing Weather Risk with Weather Derivatives	5 How to Value Electric Generation Assets as Real Options 6 Managing Weather Risk with Weather Derivatives	Please forward this information to any one you know who might benefit from a better understanding of energy derivatives, weather risk, gas-to-electricity arbitrage or electric power trading.
Please pass this on and help spread the word.	Howdy Ags!. !. The two-year remembrance of the Aggie Bonfire collapse is upon us.. We still unfortunately have no Bonfire, but there is something we, as Aggies, can get together and do to remember our Bonfire 12.. Off Campus Aggies and The Association of Former Students are sponsoring the second annual Everyone Bleeds Maroon Bonfire Memorial Blood Drive.. Now, through this weekend, with the help of The Reveille Club of Houston and many A M clubs throughout the state and nation, we will remember and honor our 12 fallen Aggies.. As you know, many around the state and country rallied around us at our darkest hour, and this is one little way, even when Bonfire returns, to show our appreciation for the support they gave us at our greatest time of need.. It s also a tremendous way to show we will not forget what happened on November 18, 1999.. Several of the families have expressed their support for this endeavor, and I think we need to do all we can to show them how much a part of the Aggie family they are, and how strong the Aggie Spirit is, was, and always will be.. The need for blood is a constant battle for blood banks around the country.. The holidays are especially critical as donation levels typically fall while the need for donations actually rises.. In the wake of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, record numbers of Americans turned out to give blood.. What many may not know is that the blood collections are only good for a limited amount of time.. This week begins the period when many units of blood collected will need to be replaced.. Last year, with very little notice, Aggies rallied to support our cause.. We raised more 5,300 units of blood in 200.. Our goal for this year is to see 12,000 units of blood donated, and details on all the drives can be found at http://bleedmaroon.tamu.edu.. Also, most donation sites have a limited supply of Everyone Bleeds Maroon Bonfire Memorial Blood Drive T-shirts that you will receive in thanks for donating.. Drives will be held on Saturday, November 17 in Angelino County Lufkin , Dallas, Ft. Worth, Denver CO , Ft. Hood/Killeen, Houston and surrounding areas, Karnes City, Kingwood, Longview, Marshall, McAllen, and New Braunfels.. Drives are going on throughout the week in Austin, Beaumont, TAMU-Galveston, Phoenix AZ , and into next week in San Antonio and Nacogdoches County.. Phoenix has challenged alumni in their area from all Big 12 schools to donate as a sort of friendly competition.. Here on the Texas A M University campus, you can donate at the Commons, Rudder, the Rec Center, Bush Academic Building, Duncan, Zachary, Vet School, Bio-Bio, Sbisa, and Wehner.. Even if you can t make it out on the specific day to the specific place you can still get in touch with the blood bank in your area and ask to donate in the name of Everyone Bleeds Maroon.. If you gave in the wake of the Sept. 11 attacks you can still safely be a part of this event.	If you gave in the wake of the Sept. 11 attacks you can still safely be a part of this event.	Please pass this on and help spread the word.
Julie please call me.			Julie please call me.
August 15, 2000, please notify Deborah Evans at 713-942-8436 or 20	July 31, 2000. Mark Taylor EB3889. Mark,. I will be participating in Enron 01,s Executive Impact and Influence Progra m on 20 September 12 - 13, 2000.. Prior to attending the program, each participant is 20 asked to gather input on individual management styles and practices from 20 his/her immediate manager, each direct report, and up to eight 20 peers/colleagues.. I value your input and have asked Keilty, Goldsmith Company to send you a 20 feedback packet to provide feedback about my management practices.. Your 20 answers will be kept confidential, so please be candid and honest.. Based o n 20 your input 01 combined with the input of others 01 I will develop an ac tion 20 plan to improve.. The booklet and materials for your feedback will be shipped on August 15, 20 2000.. When you receive your packet, it is important that you adhere to the 20 deadline date indicated.	When you receive your packet, it is important that you adhere to the 20 deadline date indicated.	If you do not receive the forms within a week of 20 August 15, 2000, please notify Deborah Evans at PHONE or 20 debe fsddatasvc.com..
can you please ch the time to 2:00 p.m. not 2:00 a.m. for the exercise time.			deal 597100 can you please ch the time to 2:00 p.m. not 2:00 a.m. for the exercise time.
questions, give me a call at x6-6002.	Attached below is the Credit Worksheet for Astra Power.. The counterparty is very anxious to have the Master executed, as it would enable them to trade financially on EOL.. The contact on the worksheet has been my contact thus far; call her if you need any further company info.	The contact on the worksheet has been my contact thus far; call her if you need any further company info.	If you have any questions, give me a call at x6-6002.
Lysa:  once we have a head count, please get us a meeting room and	Please get us a phone for the room.. Start the meeting at seven a.m.. Forwarded by Paul Kaufman/PDX/ECT on 09/07/2000 09:07 AM. As you know, I have great interest.. However, I ve checked flight schedules to come out Tuesday night, and to put it mildly, it s very ugly.. Seems like alot to arrive in D.C. around 3 AM only to turn around and head back to the left coast the next day at 3-4 PM.. But I think the meeting should go ahead and take place anyway.. Is there any chance that Lisa could get a phone in your meeting room so that I could participate by conference call?. Sorry for the headache.. Let me know.. Thanks again for the chat this PM.. Best, Jeff. By this e-mail I m requesting that we all meet on Wednesday, September 13, 2000, for breakfast to discuss the California/FERC wholesale issues that have been plaguing us and will plague us over the next year or so.. I suggest that the meeting be limited to: 1 an identification of the inventory of forums we are facing; and 2 our allocation of resources to the inventory.. If time permits, we can also have a substantive discussion of the issues.. In this regard, if its ready, we can present an overview of the California strategy that is being developed initially by Sandi and Jeff.. Respond ASAP directly to Lysa Akin with your interest in participating in this meeting.	Respond ASAP directly to Lysa Akin with your interest in participating in this meeting.	Lysa: once we have a head count, please get us a meeting room and breakfast.
Please get me your comments as soon as	Attached below is the standard form GE Term Sheet.. Certain items have been left blank, including price and shipment dates.. GE told me that the 39,970,000 per turbine set number is still the notional price based on the GenPower Dell scope.. This aforementioned scope means that we will need to purchase an extra static starter 900,000 and a water wash skid 150,000 to take two sets of two turbines and split them up intop three projects Longview, Ft Pierce, Fla Peaker .. As usual, things like dual fuel 2 MM , peaker stacks 1.5-2MM and inlet cooling options are scope additions and are not included in the MSRP.	As usual, things like dual fuel 2 MM , peaker stacks 1.5-2MM and inlet cooling options are scope additions and are not included in the MSRP.	Please get me your comments as soon as possible to keep the process moving.
WOULD SOMEONE PLEASE HELP ME GET THIS MATTER RESOLVED.	I NEED HELP !. JOHN CHILDRES WITH ALPINE IS GETTING MADE AND WANTS TO BE PAID.. I HAVE NOTHING TO PAY HIM.. HE IS LOOKING FOR PAYMENT OF DEC. 2000, AND JAN. 2001.. JOHN NEEDS TO PAY HIS ROYALTY OWNERS.	JOHN NEEDS TO PAY HIS ROYALTY OWNERS.	WOULD SOMEONE PLEASE HELP ME GET THIS MATTER RESOLVED.
Please get your	hi sweetie.. should we buy some?. !. Just a quick reminder, Friday is the last day to purchase your discount ski tickets.. We need to buy 50 to make this thing happen.	We need to buy 50 to make this thing happen.	Please get your checks in ASAP.
Could you please set up the computer training room so I can log on and			Could you please set up the computer training room so I can log on and display a spreadsheet on the screen.
Please send me a credit sheet for the following:			Please send me a credit sheet for the following:
Please give me a call to discuss.	Gentlemen,. Following are my comments to the above guaranty:. 1.. Enron does not, as a matter of practice, issue performance guarantees.. Is there some compelling reason why performance is necessary?. 2.. In section 2, there has been added an interest penalty component if Guarantor fails to pay upon Payment Demand.. Under the Agreement, will Athens be required to pay an interest penalty if it fails to pay?. If so, Enron could potentially be exposed to a double interest penalty, one for Enron and one for Athens.. Is this the intended effect?. 3.. In section 6, paragrpah 4 b , what is the Counterparty s creditworthiness requirements?. That s it.	That s it.	Please give me a call to discuss.
Please mark you calander for 12:30, Friday for lunch.			Please mark you calander for 12:30, Friday for lunch.
To  subscribe, send your check to True Orange, Bo	Part 2 of 3 Parts. Spring Football Notes .. .. QB Chris Simms completed 11 of 15 passes for 174 yards and a touchdown to highlight UT s annual Orange-White game before a crowd school officials estimated at 31,000 Coach Mack Brown had the first team offenses and defenses square off agains t each other for the first time in the Orange-White game.. The only touchdown the first-team defense gave up was a 53-yard Simms pass to WR Roy Williams, who had a step on CB Quentin Jammer.. Simms also led the offense to a field goal.. QB Major Applewhite, operating behind an offensive line patched with walk-ons, led the second team to one touchdown against the second-team defense, on a fade route to WR Sloan Thomas in the end zone.. My vote for most improved offensive player this spring is split three ways because Simms, sophomore TE Brock Edwards and senior tackle Mike Williams a re all much improved over last year.. On defense, I think it s a two-way tie between DT Marcus Tubbs and CB/safety Nathan Vasher.. I think the Longhorns will have the best group of WRs, TEs and DBs in the B ig 12.. They will have the best passing QB in the Big 12, too, if Simms continu es to improve.. They also will have one of the two or three best pass-blocking lines in the league if they stay healthy.. Subscribe Now To The Fax/E-Mail Service to Get Scoops on Early Recruiting Get Reports on Productive Summer Camps Early Commitments !. Save Big As An Internet Subscriber !. Whether you live close to Austin or far away, the True Orange Fax Service i s the way to keep up with Longhorn football and Longhorn recruiting 01 instantly.. It has at least 99 timely faxes a year, primarily about footbal l and football recruiting.	It has at least 99 timely faxes a year, primarily about footbal l and football recruiting.	To subscribe, send your check to True Orange, Bo x 26530, Austin, Texas 78755, and copy or clip the coupon below and fill in t he blanks.
Please give me a call to discuss.	FYI.. Carl,. Will you please have someone input this information into the pricing model?. Thanks,. Michelle. Michelle, I just faxes you an executed copy of the CA.. In addition, please find the turbine payment schedule, attached.. We are possibly signing a deal for the April 2000 payment 69MM tomorrow so move quickly if you want that one!. .. Therefore, I would suggest that you mainly focus on the payments scheduled after April 2000.. Finally, please keep in mind that the last column is for ABB turbines for our Arkansas project the rest are GE .	Finally, please keep in mind that the last column is for ABB turbines for our Arkansas project the rest are GE .	Please give me a call to discuss.
Please approve and autoschedule	Kate,	Kate,	Please approve and autoschedule
Can you see if he can make it.	She means Cliff Rankin.	She means Cliff Rankin.	Can you see if he can make it.
Please include the following language:			Please include the following language:
Please bring picture identification  i.e. 20			Thank you for your interest in attending the July 19 Information Break on 20 Back Up Child Care for Enron employees.
Next time you get to Houston, please give me a call  713.853.6894 .	Shack,. Thanks for the nice note.. Sorry for the delay in getting back to you, but I took a couple of weeks off for the holidays immediately following the announcement.. The reunion was really great, and I m sorry too that we missed each other.	The reunion was really great, and I m sorry too that we missed each other.	Next time you get to Houston, please give me a call PHONE .
Also, please send me a copy of the interrogatory response in	The following e-mail from Rob Cole relates to the NSM case that was filed i n 20 Ohio.. We need to provide him the name of our Ohio counsel, any engagement 20 agreement with counsel, any invoices you have received to date on this 20 matter, and copies of our answer and any other pleadings that have been 20 filed.. We also need to ask outside counsel to provide a preliminary exposu re 20 evaluation.. Please let me know with whom I should work to gather this 20 information.	Please let me know with whom I should work to gather this 20 information.	Also, please send me a copy of the interrogatory response in 20 the California case that you mentioned to me in the last week or so, so tha t 20 we can revisit coverage on that matter.
Please provide this information to Benjamin Rogers.	Mitch,	Mitch,	Please provide this information to Benjamin Rogers.
Can you please look at it to make sure it matches your records?	Jason:. Attached is a spreadsheet indicating our gas balance for Harbor.	Attached is a spreadsheet indicating our gas balance for Harbor.	Can you please look at it to make sure it matches your records?
Please review the enclosed and let me know if you have any	FYI. Anne C. Koehler Sr.. Counsel, ENA EB 38 PHONE . Dwayne and Gary,. At the request of Brian Redmond, I have prepared and am forwarding to you a draft of an Amendment to the Purchase and Sale Agreement that will reflect the agreement that the HPL Bank Accounts will be retained by Enron after the closing and that AEP will set up its own new HPL accounts at its preferred banks after closing.. It is my understanding from Mary Perkins of Enron that the procedures set out in the amendment were agreed to by Jana Soward of AEP.	It is my understanding from Mary Perkins of Enron that the procedures set out in the amendment were agreed to by Jana Soward of AEP.	Please review the enclosed and let me know if you have any comments.
Please follow are current practice and pay the lower price.			Please follow are current practice and pay the lower price.
Please remove me from your mailing list			Please remove me from your mailing list
to include in the program, and send me your initial list by noon tomorrow	I am in.. Just got this yesterday at 5.. I am passing it on to you and some others.. As you can see, this is just an indication of level of interest, and not a commitment at this time.. The prospectuses should be printed in the next week or so, and I will forward one to you.. In the mean time, let me know kind of your level of interest and I will get your name on the list.. Call or email me with any questions.. Rob. In conjunction with the pending IPO, Encore will be offering a Directed Share Program, also known as a Friends and Family Program .. The program allows specified friends, family, and business connections to participate in Encore s offering at the time of the IPO.. The program will be facilitated through Credit Suisse First Boston.. My contacts at Credit Suisse have asked that we assemble a list of those people that we wish to include in the program as soon as possible.. They will need names, addresses, and phone numbers of the proposed participants, as well as the desired number of shares, if known.. A minimum allocation of 100 shares per participant is required.	A minimum allocation of 100 shares per participant is required.	Please think of who you would like to include in the program, and send me your initial list by noon tomorrow Thursday, January 11 .
Please save this email with your new Username for future reference.	Dear plucci01. We received your request and have successfully changed your Username at Match.com.	We received your request and have successfully changed your Username at Match.com.	Please save this email with your new Username for future reference.
Call me to discuss.	To update.... I spoke with Kevin Calhoun at Aquila Energy yesterday and informed him that at this time ENA would not be willing to waive the 30 day notice period provided for under the Section 6.1 of the Cash Flow Interest Agreement.. I suggested that ENA would consider such a waiver once we had developed a more detailed understanding of the proposed transaction s related to the Onondaga Cogeneration, L.P.. I spoke with Kevin this afternoon and asked him if any of the potential buyers of the OCLP/NIMO ISDA Swap Agreement were affiliate entities of Aquila Energy.. He indicated that all of the potential buyers that Aquila Energy is contemplating a transaction with are third-party, non-affiliate entities.. I reminded Kevin of our topping offer rights under Section 7.4, and that ENA is entitled to receive and OCLP is obligated to deliver a detailed copy of any affiliate transactions that OCLP is considering.. He said he understood these ENA rights and reaffirmed that Aquila Energy is not contemplating a transaction with any affiliate entities.. I told Kevin that we would continue to work out the issues on the CA.. Once the CA is executed, he will forward us the ISDA Swap documents for our review/evaluation.	Once the CA is executed, he will forward us the ISDA Swap documents for our review/evaluation.	Call me to discuss.
Please, remind me to order flowers for Paula Monday.	Shirley,	Shirley,	Please, remind me to order flowers for Paula Monday.
Please mention Your Priority Code of PB123EMB.	Dear Drew Fossum, 20. WAIT!?. Before you click delete, I would like to urge you to read this email .. 20 This email contains valuable information about CBI s Electric Distribution 20 Reliability Event.. Register by December 22nd and Commercial Delegates Save 20 300.	Register by December 22nd and Commercial Delegates Save 20 300.	Please mention Your Priority Code of PB123EMB.
on sending one of the developers, but will you schedule this meeting  since I	Ben,. We have a draft of the VEPCO standard interconnect, which has been internally reviewed by Mitch Robinson and Christi Nicolay.. Would you like a copy?. Nancy Wodka Bracewell Patterson, DC office is outside counsel working on it as well.. We have had no substantive discussions with VEPCO about this agreement at all.. Let me know how you want to proceed.. Thanks,. Kay. Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 09/12/2000 11:06 AM. Ben,. I spoke with the VA Power contact today who is responsible for the interconnection agreement.. His name is Wayne Duman PHONE , Wayne Duman dom.com .. He suggested e-mailing him dates when Enron was available to go to Richmond to discuss the interconnect.	He suggested e-mailing him dates when Enron was available to go to Richmond to discuss the interconnect.	I don t know if you want to go or if you plan on sending one of the developers, but will you schedule this meeting since I won t be negotiating this part of it .
Please call me at x39509	I am not close enough to know Bob s exact role within the group to know the impact of the prospect of losing him.. I am forwarding this to Brent to get his assessment of the impact.. I do know that the number of deals that we do currently has skyrocketed with EOL, so I feel sure that the group is stretched right now.. Again, though, Brent would best be able to address this.. As you are probably aware, I personnally made the commitment to Bob several years ago to help in managing his workload so that he is available as needed at home for his wife.. For Bob s sake, I would want to make sure that he is in a situation where that is understood and appreciated.. Thank you for contacting me first before going to Bob.. --Sally. I would like to talk with Bob Bowen about a possible position with me at EBS, but I want to get your approval before I do that.	I would like to talk with Bob Bowen about a possible position with me at EBS, but I want to get your approval before I do that.	Please call me at x39509 to discuss.
Hi, could you please look up the following confirmations and forward these			Hi, could you please look up the following confirmations and forward these asap to Stephanie.
Please revise my entry in the Web Directory to show my new e-mail address -			Please revise my entry in the Web Directory to show my new e-mail address - Mark.Taylor enron.com - and my Greek affiliation as Zeta Beta Tau.
Can you look into the Transport piece?	LA,	LA,	Can you look into the Transport piece?
Please call to discuss.	Chris:. We should chat.. Per the ISDA, ENA is the calc agent and we have already agreed to usual Market Disruption Events and fallbacks in the ISDA.. If you want to change the ISDA agreement, then we can consider the items which Merchant has included in the draft.. As calc agent, we should create a draft and send the form to you for review.. However, I do need you to explain/verify Floating Price B.. And verify rounding convention which differs from our standard.	And verify rounding convention which differs from our standard.	Please call to discuss.
Please forward along to others.	From a credit perspective, should we be in front of any other debt issue of CWR related to the California Procurement Adjustment, and have a dedicated slice of the PUC approved rates, this would, from a practical standpoint be at the top of credit claims.. Since repayment of the debt at the utilities is dependant on net cash flows from rate payers , we functionally prime them as well.. FYI.. Calger is in active talks with Freeman and DWR lawyers about the offer letter we submitted on Tuesday.. Freeman s very anxious to do a deal for 200 MWs from the West Desk and then start talking about a deal for power from Parquet s Pastoria plant.. Credit is of course the issue and Calger s told them that unless the credit issue is bulletproof it s not going to work.. See Chris comments below.. It looks like progress is being made, but the details will make it or break it.. Any thoughts?. Might make sense to discuss on the call.	Might make sense to discuss on the call.	Please forward along to others.
Please review the attached documents, and I ll continue to refine them along	I believe that this is not the GTC but rather the master agreement used for bandwidth.. I spoke with Cynthia Harkness, one of the bandwidth lawyers, last week.. My impression was that the bandwidth trading documentation was still in flux and they were waiting for it to settle down before preparing a GTC.. Mark,. Attached is a copy of the OTC GTC which the Bandwidth group wishes to use for Bandwidth trading on EnronOnline, launching May 1.. Could you please let me know which of your guys will be looking after reviewing/amending this for EnronOnline?. Thanks,. Dave. Forwarded by David Forster/LON/ECT on 03/27/2000 11:22 PM. David,. Here s a first cut of the data to get us started.. Please have a look, and let me know what other blanks we will need to fill in as we go.. I ve also looked at the additional considerations, and we should sit down and discuss some of these things with Jean sometime soon.	I ve also looked at the additional considerations, and we should sit down and discuss some of these things with Jean sometime soon.	Please review the attached documents, and I ll continue to refine them along the way.
control issue, please direct your inquiry to David Scott at	I will be out of the office from 01/07/2000 until 01/07/2001.. This employee is now an employee of Enron and the new email address is: phillip.villagomez enron.com.	This employee is now an employee of Enron and the new email address is: phillip.villagomez enron.com.	If this is a Columbia Energy Services gas control issue, please direct your inquiry to David Scott at dscott columbiaenergy.com.
In the future please	The deals in the worksheet below have been flipped out.	The deals in the worksheet below have been flipped out.	In the future please cc: myself on any of these E-mails and I will make sure they are taken care of promptly.
Call me when you get this please?	Do these counterparties look familiar?	Do these counterparties look familiar?	Call me when you get this please?
programme related issues, please drop me an email or call me on  44 20 7915	Dear Mr Kaminski. I am delighted to say that the printed conference brochure is now available and our logistics team will be mailing them out, along with the speaker guideline packs including information on hotel discounts etc , in the next couple of weeks.. You will also no doubt receive copies via our main mailing campaign.. In the interim, please find attached a shortened pdf copy of the conference brochure for your perusal.. I did not want to send you the complete 12 pages as it would clog up your email!. The full colour version can be found on our website at www.icbi.uk.com/powerisk. I hope you agree that the speaker plenum and line-up of topics is possibly one of the best ever and not surprisingly the event is already drawing strong international interest.. In particular the Executive Summit Day on e-Business and Power Trading is taking numerous bookings.. I would be happy for you to attend either the Summit Day or one of our two intensive post conference workshops, but in order to avoid overcrowding on the day ask that all reservations be made in advance.. I am certain that you have friends or colleagues who would be interested in attending the conference this year, and would like to ask that you email the enclosed details to them.. To make things easy, I have attached a booking form which should be faxed to 44 PHONE .. ICBI would be happy to offer a 10 discount on registrations received through speaker recommendations.. Finally for any enquiries relating to travel or hotel matters please contact our logistics manager Clare Capel on 44 PHONE .	Finally for any enquiries relating to travel or hotel matters please contact our logistics manager Clare Capel on 44 PHONE .	Of course for any programme related issues, please drop me an email or call me on 44 PHONE .
Please print each of these documents so you can review an actual	Please review and let me know if we need to make changes, deletions or additions.	Please review and let me know if we need to make changes, deletions or additions.	Please print each of these documents so you can review an actual copy.
Please respond directly to jfd jonesforest.com			Please respond directly to jfd jonesforest.com
Also, we ask that you give us the opportunity to resolve this	ATTENTION: Haas Computing Services has been made aware of a software problem that has occurred with the IZIO system.. The problem has caused some of, and in some cases, all of the course information that had been previously populated, to be deleted.. We are aware of this problem and are attempting to resolve is ASAP.. We ask that, if you are affected, that you send an email message to the helpdesk with your course information that is missing.	We ask that, if you are affected, that you send an email message to the helpdesk with your course information that is missing.	Also, we ask that you give us the opportunity to resolve this problem, and NOT come to the Computing Services Front Desk, with a deluge of complaints.
Please expedite.			Please expedite.
Please review the attached confirmation letter to see if it correctly			Kim, Please review the attached confirmation letter to see if it correctly reflects your transaction.
Could you please have John email you the directions to his house and when	how about 4:00?. John, When would be a good time for you.. After work maybe?. Ina. Ina,	Ina,	Could you please have John email you the directions to his house and when would be a good time to come by and install the equipment?
Please, call me and leave a	Becky,. I am sending you two spreadsheets.. Headcount gives the allocations by major business units.. Please, see the sheet Allocations.. Line 83 gives you the percentages you can use.. Budget spreadsheet gives the budget projections.. The sheet Allocations has been modified to include charges to RAC and GRM.. I had to modify extensively the sheet Detail to account for the size of the group as compared with 25 rows available to list the employees in the original spreadsheet .. Please, check the logic of my modifications I hope I copied all the formulas correctly .. I had to assume a bonus number.. I shall work on allocations by different business units within ENA and GRM but it s chasing a moving target.. It changes from month to month.. I shall be gone for the next 4 business days.	I shall be gone for the next 4 business days.	Please, call me and leave a message on my voice mail if there is any question.
Please check the University of California Energy Institute web site	Vince,	Vince,	Please check the University of California Energy Institute web site http://www.ucei.berkeley.edu/ucei/ .
Please call when you get a chance.	Bob,. I just tried to contact you but rolled to your voicemail which told me that your mailbox was full and it wouldn t let me leave a message.. The operator then sent me into a Nuevo message that stated that the office was closed.. Sorry for my late return call but I ve been running at full speed since 6:45 am.	Sorry for my late return call but I ve been running at full speed since 6:45 am.	Please call when you get a chance.
Please contact the ISC Call Center at  713  345-4727.	Please do not reply to this e-mail.. You are receiving this message because an invoice requiring coding, issue resolution, or approval has been submitted to your iBuyit Payables in-box.. This requires your action through iBuyit Payables.. To launch iBuyit Payables, click on the link below: http://iBuyitPayables.enron.com. Note: Log into iBuyitPayables using the same Employee PID P-Number and Password you use to enter the eHRonline system and/or SAP.. First time iBuyit Payables user?. For training materials, click on the link below: http://sap.enron.com/sap doclib/user/file list.asp?cabinet id 265. Need help?	Need help?	Please contact the ISC Call Center at PHONE .
Could you please send us a copy of the following executed confirmations:	Judy,	Judy,	Could you please send us a copy of the following executed confirmations:
Please reference the order tracking number.	Dear Mr. LARRY CAMPBELL:. Thank you for your order.. You bought 45 shares of JNPR Juniper Networks Inc Com at PHONE 00.. ORDER DETAILS: The tracking number for this order is: B-300-AAZO-4506 Order entered at: 09:08:51 on 12/05/00 Order processing began at: 09:08:51 Order executed at: 09:08:52 on 12/05/00. You will receive a printed Datek Online confirmation by postal mail, or by electronic delivery if you are subscribed to that service.. Questions regarding this transaction?. Contact our Customer Support department by e-mailing support datek.com.	Contact our Customer Support department by e-mailing support datek.com.	Please reference the order tracking number.
Please respond to nytdirect			Please respond to nytdirect Wednesday, May 9, 2001
pls print with cover memo--for me and maria.  thanks.			-Origin: FOSSUM-D X-FileName: dfossum.nsf
Veronica,  please send an e-mail to Jeff / Stacy requesting  changes to			Veronica, please send an e-mail to Jeff / Stacy requesting changes to Threshold for the LC s as discussed so I can make changes to my forms.
Please make the  requested change to the signature blocks on the following			Please make the requested change to the signature blocks on the following docs in my CA directory:
Will you please register these 4 names:	Felipe--	Felipe--	Will you please register these 4 names: enronemissionsservices.com enronemissionservices.com emissionsservices.com emissionservices.com The slight difference between each pair is that one has the s on emissions and one does not.
please add to my schedule.			please add to my schedule.
please try to get this in my P/L tonight.	We did the following with KCS Energy yesterday:. We bought a Apr02/Oct02 NYmex swap at 4.02 for 10,000 mmbtu/d, setle last day.. If any month settles below 2.50, there is no payment due KCS for that reference month.. Effectively the quantity becomes zero.. above 2.50 it behaves like a regular swap.. this transactions should be booked from a risk perspective as three separate pieces:. 1 We buy from KCS a regular Apr02/Oct02 swap 4.02, 10,000/d. 2 .. We buy from KCS an Apr02/Oct02 Nymex put struck at 2.50, settling last day, 10,000/d, zero premium.. 3 .. We buy from KCS an Apr02/Oct02 digital option that results in a payout to Enron of 1.52 if the reference month settles below 2.50, 10,000/d, last day, zero premium.. Against this trade:. I sold an Apr02/Oct02 swap to John Arnold 3.81. I sold an Apr02/Oct02 2.50 put to Maggi for .07 last day.. I will hold the digitals which I will atttach a model using exotica add-ins to value.	I will hold the digitals which I will atttach a model using exotica add-ins to value.	please try to get this in my P/L tonight.
Please get back to me as soon as possible  I m setting up the template in Global Contracts right now .	Gerald,. On the Wellhead purchase GTC with keep whole provisions, the payment date is either the last day of the month following delivery or the 25th day of the month following delivery.. I understand this date will be decided on a deal-by-deal basis, but I still need to have a date to input into our Global Contracts template.. Since ENA Upstream is the purchaser, I d prefer to use the last day of the month for our template for cash flow purposes , but I d like you to confirm which one we should use as a default of sorts.. I also wanted to check on the status of the Point Specific GTC you ve been working on.. Are we close to having a final version?. Please remember that I need to be copied on any versions of the GTC or confirmation, since that data drives what we input in Global Contracts.	Please remember that I need to be copied on any versions of the GTC or confirmation, since that data drives what we input in Global Contracts.	Please get back to me as soon as possible I m setting up the template in Global Contracts right now .
give me a call at work sometime.....713-853-6203			give me a call at work sometime.. PHONE
Bridgette  -    Please extend global contract  96030149  with Washington			Bridgette - Please extend global contract PHONE with Washington Energy.
Please print and	I hope you make it in and get this Mon.. AM!. We missed you!	We missed you!	Please print and hand off to me so I can head it during Bill s mtg.
TO REQUEST YOUR COMPLIMENTARY COPY OF THIS REPORT, PLEASE REPLY TO THIS	James,. I hall appreciate a copy of A Brief History of the Future.. Vince Kaminski Enron. Mr. Vincent J. Kaminski Managing Director Enron Capital Trade Resources Corp.. Dear Mr. Kaminski:. In response to client requests we are pleased to provide A Brief History of the Future, by CERA s Julian West.	In response to client requests we are pleased to provide A Brief History of the Future, by CERA s Julian West.	TO REQUEST YOUR COMPLIMENTARY COPY OF THIS REPORT, PLEASE REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE.?
Could you schedule sometime next week so that we can	Hi, Sally,. I am an associate working for EBS.. I am sorry we didn t have a chance to meet for the mid-year PRC.	I am sorry we didn t have a chance to meet for the mid-year PRC.	Could you schedule sometime next week so that we can meet face to face?
Call me when you can.			Call me when you can.
publications are available, please reply to this message with	Dear Mike,. This e-mail is automated notification of the availability of your current Natural Gas Intelligence Newsletter s .. Please use your username of mgrigsby and your password to access. http://intelligencepress.com/subscribers/index.html. If you have forgotten your password please visit http://intelligencepress.com/password.html and we will send it to you.	If you have forgotten your password please visit http://intelligencepress.com/password.html and we will send it to you.	If you would like to stop receiving e-mail notifications when your publications are available, please reply to this message with REMOVE E-MAIL in the subject line.
2. Please fill out and bring your child s medical release this			I was hoping to find out the team colors before odering practice shirts.
Please share this information with your customer and let me know about your response on this project?	Mark This is Planning s response to your request of 10/10/2001 regarding two new gas wells hook up into TW s system.. The two wells were as follows:. SE/4 of Section 20- 23S-27E Eddy County, NM. This well is located near Sid Richardson gathering system and approximately 4.4 miles to the suction side of the TW- Keystone Compressor Station.. The suction pressure at Keystone is 525-575 psig.. Are they interested to build up to 4.5 miles of pipe to TW?. If they are what is pressure/maximum volume that this well can produce?. Center of Section 22-Block B-3 PSL Winkler County Texas. This well is located approximately .3-.5 mile to TW-Crawford 16 lateral.. The Crawford lateral line pressure is 680-720 psig.. Can this well meet TW s line pressure ?. what is the maximum flow rate on this well?	what is the maximum flow rate on this well?	Please share this information with your customer and let me know about your response on this project?
but please use the RSVP forms for the trip they will be	AC,. You may need to fax a copy of the invitation for the July trip to Tim.. When I talked to him today, he hadn t seen anything.. My fault, I turned the names in late.. The real invitaion should be delivered to him soon.. D. Good Afternoon All!. !. I have attached the invitation to our 8th Annual Enron Customer Meeting to be held at The Don Ce Sar in St. Pete s Beach, FL.	I have attached the invitation to our 8th Annual Enron Customer Meeting to be held at The Don Ce Sar in St. Pete s Beach, FL.	Please feel free to fax or email to your customers as you see necessary, but please use the RSVP forms for the trip they will be attending July or August .
Can you find out the details of his	As a followup: This guys name is Mykhaylo Koshel and he is an outside consultant with the New Concept Group.. I ve got a messenger going over to Allen Center to pick up a copy of the agreement with them.. I ll get a copy to you as soon as I get it.. There is a new contractor for Net Works, Mick Koshel, that we need to track down.. Could you see what you can find out and get copies of any Service Agreements?. Thanks.. Anne C. Koehler Sr.. Counsel, ENA EB 38 PHONE . Anne,. I will revise the Memorandum to conform to Jay s changes.. Jay mentions a new contractor, Mick Koshel.	Jay mentions a new contractor, Mick Koshel.	Can you find out the details of his agreement?
Also, please indicate to the	Gary. I think you should write the PX a letter asking:1 where this went, 2 whether the Core performance bond has been paid and where that went,3 whether the State has paid them any for the block forward positions, 4 has a claim been made on the CTS performance bond and is it still active given the State s action, 5 How did they calculate the 17mm chargeback they sent us, 6 what other has been collected to minimize the chargebacks If anyone has anything else they think we should ask the PX please send Gary and me a note.. Just a reminder: The ISO held a Firm Transmission Right FTR auction last month that netted the California IOUs 80 million.. That money is credited to their account to reduce their revenue requirement for access charges it reduces the amount of money that the utilities ratepayers pay for transmission access charges .. As creditors, we should have some claim against that money.. NOTICE: This communication may contain privileged or other confidential information.. If you are not the intended recipient, or believe that you have received this communication in error, please do not print, copy, retransmit, disseminate, or otherwise use the information.	If you are not the intended recipient, or believe that you have received this communication in error, please do not print, copy, retransmit, disseminate, or otherwise use the information.	Also, please indicate to the sender that you have received this email in error, and delete the copy you received.
Please notify us	Forwarded by Randall L Gay/HOU/ECT on 04/20/2000 11:34 AM. e-mail is confidential and may well also be legally privileged.. If you have received it in error, you are on notice of its status.	If you have received it in error, you are on notice of its status.	Please notify us immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message from your system.
mike, would you set up a PG E/SCE coordination meeting  my assistant is sick today ?	i think we re getting 2 meetings confused my fault .	i think we re getting 2 meetings confused my fault .	mike, would you set up a PG E/SCE coordination meeting my assistant is sick today ?
Could you please print this, and put in a big binder?			Could you please print this, and put in a big binder?
send the EPA materials to Prabhat  copy of cover letter to Nancy and Cathy,	Jerry, I just spoke with Steve Burr he had been in Kingman last two days dealing with county air issues and town council .. He was unequivocal that we could not construct buildings and foundations because these are activities ... of a permanent nature.. This phrasing is from the definition of begin actual construction ARS 49-401.01 5 , which is not allowed for modificastion of a major source until the permit is issued.. In our discussion last week, Steve was suggesting that we could do this if we had a minor source, but Larry corrected our thinking, stating that the equipment emits more than 250 tons per yr NOx, which is the threshhold between major and minor source.. Our strategy now is to make sure that everyone keeps to the schedule, as set forth in your Sept 28 letter to Nancy.	Our strategy now is to make sure that everyone keeps to the schedule, as set forth in your Sept 28 letter to Nancy.	It will be especially important to send the EPA materials to Prabhat copy of cover letter to Nancy and Cathy, copy also me as quickly as possible and then to make sure that the meetings scheduled for this Friday Oct 5 occur; let me know if I can help bird-dog anything.
Add this to the report database.	Bryan --	Bryan --	Add this to the report database.
Please confirm my opinion	Don:. The questions that I was unable to answer for Excelon PECO during the Lincoln site visit are as follows:. 1.. What is the gas consumption per unit during start-up?. 2.. What is the reference for the 2nd ComEd Interconnection Feasibility Study?. Is this document on deal bench?. 3.. Do any other parties have a right to interconnect to the Project s gas pipeline lateral?. My input to these questions is:. 1.. None.. I am not familiar with this area.. 2.. I saw this 2nd study is out on deal bench at least a week ago.. As long as it wasn t removed, it should be there.. I do not know the reference .. 3.. I do not believe that any other parties have a right to connect to the gas lateral owned by Des Plaines LLC.. In fact, I believe that we are statutorily prevented from supplying gas to other end users - Des Plaines LLC is neither an interstate pipeline nor a gas LDC .	In fact, I believe that we are statutorily prevented from supplying gas to other end users - Des Plaines LLC is neither an interstate pipeline nor a gas LDC .	Please confirm my opinion with Stuart/Chris Meyer to make sure that we have not granted any interconnection rights to Northern Border/Peoples.
Please clarify if our contractors including engineering services on the			Please clarify if our contractors including engineering services on the Texas-Mexico HVDC project are required to be off-balance sheet.
Please have the operating companies for both Daren Farmer and Stacey			Please have the operating companies for both Daren Farmer and Stacey Neuweiler moved from Enron North America Co 413 to Houston Pipeline Company 012 ASAP.
Please call Vince Strohmeyer at 713.853.6701 with any questions you may have.	Summary Risk Data as of 10/24/2001 Active Financial Deals 51 Active Physical al Deals 35 P L Daily 545,890.37 VaR 467,367.61. Physical deals modelled in the Caminus Zainet system are deals which have some form of price risk, i.e.. Index to index deals, and anticipated fuel sales This does not include standard transport or storage agreements.. P L Daily: Daily change in the mark-to-market MTM valuation of all deals being tracked in the Caminus Zainet system.. This includes the origination and changes in value for both the physical and financial sides of hedges, along with any speculative trades and floating unhedged phsycal positions.. VaR is Value at Risk : Enron Corp policy defines this as the maximum expected one day loss on the portfolio given a 95 statistical confidence interval.. This number is currently calculated on the Caminus system using a variance covariance metholodogy, rather than a Monte Carlo simulation per the Enron Corp policy.. NOTE: We are reviewing the modelling of one of the financial deals which may have a significant impact on the numbers reported above.	NOTE: We are reviewing the modelling of one of the financial deals which may have a significant impact on the numbers reported above.	Please call Vince Strohmeyer at PHONE with any questions you may have.
Could you please confirm that they are ready to fully enact the agreement and	That is wonderful.. However my Prime Broker contact at Bear has still not been advised of the pending changes.. It would seem to me it will still take time for Bear to make the adjustment to the account.. This will likely delay getting the margin relief we so desperately need.	This will likely delay getting the margin relief we so desperately need.	Could you please confirm that they are ready to fully enact the agreement and lower the margin requirements as of tomorrow?
Alos, please ask them to send on Exhibits A through C	Mark: I would like to see a draft of the License Agreement before we enter into the Transfer Agreement.	Mark: I would like to see a draft of the License Agreement before we enter into the Transfer Agreement.	Alos, please ask them to send on Exhibits A through C for our review.
Please call  281  230-3299 in reference to an article found at Houston			Please call PHONE in reference to an article found at Houston Intercontinental Airport.
Please respond to  Julee Malinowski-Ball			Julee Malinowski-Ball jmball ns.net 01/05/2001 04:44 PM Please respond to Julee Malinowski-Ball To: kent Palmerton kent.palmerton williams.com , Bill Carlson william carlson wastemanagement.com , Bill Woods billw calpine.com , Bob Ellery bellery spi-ind.com , Bob Escalante rescalante riobravo-gm.com , Carolyn Baker cabaker duke-energy.com , Curtis Kebler curtis l kebler reliantenergy.com , David Keane dnke dynegy.com , David Parquet dparque ect.enron.com , Dean Gosselin dean gosselin fpl.com , Duane Nelson dnelsen msn.com , Ed Tomeo ed.tomeo uaecorp.com , Frank DeRosa fderosa sanfrancisco.usgen.com , Greg Blue gtbl dynegy.com , Hap Boyd rboyd enron.com , Jack Pigott jackp calpine.com , Jeff Dasovich Jeff.Dasovich enron.com , Jim Willey elliottsa earthlink.net , Joe Greco joe.greco uaecorp.com , Joe Ronan joer calpine.com , John Stout john h stout reliantenergy.com , Jonathan Weisgall jweisgall aol.com , Kassandra Gough kgough calpine.com , Ken Hoffman khoffman caithnessenergy.com , Kent Fickett kfickett usgen.com , Lynn Lednicky lale dynegy.com , Marty McFadden marty mcfadden ogden-energy.com , Nam Nguyen nam.nguyen powersrc.com , Paula Soos paula soos ogden-energy.com , Richard Hyde rwhyde duke-energy.com , Robert Lamkin rllamkin seiworldwide.com , Roger Pelote roger.pelote williams.com , Stephanie Newell stephanie-newell reliantenergy.com , Steve Ponder steve ponder fpl.com , Steven Kelley steven iepa.com , Sue Mara smara enron.com , Tandy McMannes mcmannes aol.com , Tony Wetzel twetzel thermoecotek.com , Trond Aschehoug taschehoug thermoecotek.com , William Hall wfhall2 duke-energy.com cc: Susan McCabe sfmccabe mindspring.com , Scott Govenar sgovenar govadv.com , Ron Tom thackbarth govadv.com , Robert Ross robbiz cwo.com , Phil Isenberg Isenberg HMOT.com , Mike Monagan mrmonagan aol.com , Maureen OHaren Oharen HMOT.com , Marie Moretti marie moretti msn.com , Kassandra Gough kgough calpine.com , Jenn Paulsen paulsen hmot.com , Jamie Parker jparker hmot.com , Hedy Govenar hgovenar acom2.com , DJ Smith djsmith smithandkempton.com , Delany Hunter dhunter smithandkempton.com , Cary Rudman cjrudman softcom.net , Bev Hansen bhansen lhom.com , Anne Kelly kelly hnks.com , Chuck Cole ccole advocation-inc.com , Jan Smutny Jones smutny iepa.com , Steven Kelley steven iepa.com , Katie Kaplan kaplan iepa.com Subject: Phone Call From Rod Wright
Give me a call when you ve got a minute and I ll bring you   for the tickets.	John	John	Give me a call when you ve got a minute and I ll bring you for the tickets.
Can you please list only the Nov 30th official post-id s?	Albert,. I spot checked a few of these and they are not all official.	I spot checked a few of these and they are not all official.	Can you please list only the Nov 30th official post-id s?
Can you send an FX Settlements Confirm for	Hi Ana and Judy.. Hope you had a fun halloween!!. Sorry I didn t go through my FXs earlier.. Here is our update:	Here is our update:	N22786 Can you send an FX Settlements Confirm for Deal Date: 15 June 200 Rate 8.3030 NOK EUR 432,202.93 EUR 3,588,581.12 NOK
Please respond to    jjw ziplip.com			jjw ziplip.com on 01/12/2001 12:51:59 PM Please respond to jjw ziplip.com To: Vince.J.Kaminski enron.com cc: molly.magee enron.com Subject: 1 Candidate and 2 interns
Please send all VNG transport items to Vickie but cc me as well.			Please send all VNG transport items to Vickie but cc me as well.
David, could you send Sara and me conforming	Sara,. When I sent you the following message on April 12th, I thought it was clear that Enron Australia Finance Pty Limited should not act as principal for entering into the non-power futures agreement with ABN AMRO.. Sorry for the confusion.. Rather, ABN AMRO should enter into the agreement with ENA.. Shane should only enter into trades under the futures agreement acting pursuant to the services agreement.. Of course, based on David s e-mail messages, it appears that the services agreement needs to be executed following resolution of the questions regarding the mark-up.. Note further that as stated in my September 9, 1999 memo that I sent you in the April 12th e-mail and that is re-attached below , our Australian tax advisor advised that if a master contract must be executed in Australia, it should be executed by an independent agent such as a lawyer having a power of attorney from ENA.. Hope this helps.. Please feel free to contact me if you have any further questions.. Best regards, Susan. Sara,. As we discussed, attached is the memo that I wrote last September on the tax implications of having a financial trader in Sydney.. As you will note, we followed a service fee approach to reimburse the Sydney office on a cost-plus basis for the costs incurred by the financial trader including his remuneration .. Important in this arrangement is that the Sydney financial trader is not the principal in the trades but is only acting in a preparatory or auxiliary manner for the ENA financial trades.. As we discussed yesterday, I will forward the latest draft of the service agreement to you by e-mail.	As we discussed yesterday, I will forward the latest draft of the service agreement to you by e-mail.	David, could you send Sara and me conforming copies of the executed agreement?
Please call me  3-3848  or my assistant,	Michael,. Sorry, Thursday schedule is full.. What about Fri, 1 to 2?. Vince. Michael Guerriero ENRON DEVELOPMENT. 1pm does not look good.. How about between 3-5 pm.. Is there something there that works for you?. MFG. Michael,. What about 1:00 p.m. Thursday?. Vince. Michael Guerriero ENRON DEVELOPMENT. Could we meet tomorrow afternoon?. MFG. Michael,. Sorry, I was out around the holidays.. I shall be glad to meet with you in the 1st week of January.	I shall be glad to meet with you in the 1st week of January.	Please call me 3-3848 or my assistant, Shirley Crenshaw, 3-5290.
Please can you forward a copy of the EOL NDA to Alexandria Khalil at	Tana,	Tana,	Please can you forward a copy of the EOL NDA to Alexandria Khalil at Outercurve Technologies akhalil outercurve.com .
Please call Larry s office	Attached are the materials for our telephone meeting on Friday.. We will stand by for your call when you have an opening.	We will stand by for your call when you have an opening.	Please call Larry s office when you re ready.
friends that can help, please forward this message to them	A MESSAGE FROM DON EVANS CHAIRMAN, BUSH-CHENEY 2000. Sunday, November 11, 2000. Dear Friend,. This is an urgent message to supporters of Governor George W. Bush and Secretary Dick Cheney regarding the situation in Florida.. It is now clear we must raise money to fund the recount effort in Florida.. Governor Bush won the vote on Election Day, a victory confirmed by a recount.. Now, the other side is seeking yet a third count by hand.. There is a reason why ballots are counted by computer and not by hand.. The expense of the recount effort must be funded immediately.. Please send a check in any amount that you can up to 5,000 today.. These contributions, in keeping with Governor Bush s full disclosure policy on financial contributions, will be posted on the Bush-Cheney website.. Any funds not spent will be returned on a pro rata basis.. To contribute, please click here: http://www.georgewbush.com/media/pdfs/recountfund.pdf to download the Bush-Cheney recount fund reply form.. Please fill out the form and mail in with your donation.. We are setting up a site for secure online credit card contributions.. As soon as the Web site is available, we ll send out an e-mail with the link for online contributions.. Remember: 1.. Checks must be personal, not corporate.. 2.. Checks should be payable to Bush-Cheney Recount Fund.. 3.. Download and fill out this form: http://www.georgewbush.com/media/pdfs/recountfund.pdf 4.. Mail or overnight check to: Donald L. Evans 301 Congress Avenue 2nd Floor/Bush-Cheney Recount Fund Austin, Texas 78701 5.. These funds do not count against your annual personal federal giving limit of 25,000.. Thank you for your friendship and support.	Thank you for your friendship and support.	If you have friends that can help, please forward this message to them immediately.
Please respond no later than 10:00 a.m. Wednesday, April 4.	The product long description below will fall under the new product type CAN Gas Straddle Option.. Credit Tom Moran has approved copying the profiles for the new product type from the following:. US Financial Option Call	US Financial Option Call	Please respond no later than 10:00 a.m. Wednesday, April 4.
Can you please tell me whom I should send my resume, and	Dear Mr. Kaminski, ?. I was one of the participants of the SIAM Conference which was held last week-end, and I have very much enjoyed your presentation.. At the end of the session, I was hoping to talk to you, but unfortunately you were already gone.. You said that if we were interested, you could e-mail a copy of your talk.. I would appreciate if you could send a copy to this e-mail address.. ?. I am a mathematics Ph.D. student at Texas A M University and I will be graduating this August.. I am very much interested in working in the modeling of energy markets.	I am very much interested in working in the modeling of energy markets.	Can you please tell me whom I should send my resume, and who I should contact in your company about a possible position in your research group.
Please ask Gas accounting why we do	Also, in 0006 theres is a synthetic deal identified as NN4016 with NNG for 265K, this deal is in sitara 301891 under CPR Pipeline storage.. The terms match and we should have no variance.	The terms match and we should have no variance.	Please ask Gas accounting why we do not have a variance on synthetic line - probably Jim Pond.
acceptable please sign and forward to OGE.	Ken, The attached is a letter terminating the purchase agreement under which Crescendo s gas is currently being purchased by OGE.	Ken, The attached is a letter terminating the purchase agreement under which Crescendo s gas is currently being purchased by OGE.	Please review and if acceptable please sign and forward to OGE.
to Tana, can you please review this and provide your comments to Suzzi.	Russell: I have sent to Mary and Tana the issues that need to be resolved on these 2 amendments.. They are minor but need a lawyer s attention and Mary will coordinate with Luke M. and Suzi on this.. Carol St. Clair EB 38 PHONE Phone PHONE Fax carol.st.clair enron.com. Mary,. Per my voice mail to you, I am updating you on the status of the ISDA s we have sent to Engage:. 1 Engage Energy US, LP: I spoke to Luke Mickum, the legal person at Engage US PHONE , this morning.. He is looking into what issues need to be reviewed/discussed.. According to Carol there are no open issues.. If that is the case can we send executed copy s of the ISDA to him for signature.. Before it is sent off, we need to make sure the correct changes have been made to the Credit Annex, as the credit support provider has changed from my original credit worksheet.. I am not sure if Carol had made those changes in her drafts.. 2 Engage Energy Canada, LP According to the Lotus Notes Database, the draft amendment of this contract was also sent to Luke, although he is the US lawyer.. A draft needs to be sent to the Canadian Lawyer, Suzzi Sethi PHONE .. She sent us a draft guaranty for review with the guarantor West Coast Gas Inc.. This counterparty is the new guarantor for Engage Canada and the ISDA Credt Annex needs to be updated accordingly.. Once again, we need to make sure the Credit information is still correct in the original draft.	Once again, we need to make sure the Credit information is still correct in the original draft.	I have given a copy of the guaranty to Tana, can you please review this and provide your comments to Suzzi.
Please make the following changes to the agreement provided by HPL on			Please make the following changes to the agreement provided by HPL on 1/30/01.
Can you please review and add the standard  management	Thanks a lot!. I know you don t lack for anything to do!. I will review and get back to you by no later than tommorrow.. I asked Fannette to deliver a PA from WBI that needs to be executed and returned by July 14.	I asked Fannette to deliver a PA from WBI that needs to be executed and returned by July 14.	Can you please review and add the standard management out on our side.
Please review the attached outage report.			Please review the attached outage report.
Could you look into this?	Elizabeth, Why have you not resonded back to my e-mail?. Chris. Elizabeth, Any luck on fixing this problem?. Elizabeth,	Elizabeth,	Could you look into this?
Will you let them know about the DJ from KSBJ,	Thanks Dana for the update, would you let Kevin know also thanking him, also I will not be at the meeting tonight me and Curtis are going to Good Hope Church to meet with Shaun.	Thanks Dana for the update, would you let Kevin know also thanking him, also I will not be at the meeting tonight me and Curtis are going to Good Hope Church to meet with Shaun.	Will you let them know about the DJ from KSBJ, and also Curtis was able to also confirm the former radio announcer from KTSU Dewayne B. Cook.
Please contact the ISC Call Center at  713  345-4727.	Please do not reply to this e-mail.. You are receiving this message because you have an unresolved invoice in your iBuyit Payables in-box that is past due.. Please login to iBuyit Payables and resolve this invoice as soon as possible.. To launch iBuyit Payables, click on the link below: http://iBuyitPayables.enron.com Note: Your iBuyit Payables User ID and Password are your eHRonline/SAP Personnel ID and Password.. First time iBuyit Payables user?. For training materials, click on the link below: http://sap.enron.com/sap doclib/user/file list.asp?cabinet id 265. Need help?	Need help?	Please contact the ISC Call Center at PHONE .
Please handle this for John.	Dan:	Dan:	Please handle this for John.
Can you keep me apprised.	Do you know the progress of getting a physical power master in place with this counterparty?	Do you know the progress of getting a physical power master in place with this counterparty?	Can you keep me apprised.
Please forward this to anyone who might benefit from a better	Only 4 weeks left before PGS Energy Training s downtown Philadelphia seminars.. March 5 thru 8. For information on upcoming PGS seminars in Philadelphia and in downtown Houston February and April , call PHONE or visit http://www.pgsenergy.com/schedule.html. Available seminars include: 1 Fundamentals of Energy Futures, Options Derivatives 2 Fundamentals of the Electric Power Industry 3 Gas-to-Electricity Arbitrage How to Maximize the Profitability of Electric Generation Assets 4 Developing Effective Risk Management Policies Procedures John Wengler 5 Fundamentals of Statistical Analysis Dr. Ken Skinner 6 How to Value Electric Generation Assets as Real Options 7 Fundamentals of Value-at-Risk Soli Forouzan Save money by bringing a group of 4 or more.. With a group rate, your cost for a 1,295 seminar is reduced to 895 per attendee-- a savings of 1,600 from regular prices.. The group price for the 695 programs is 495.	The group price for the 695 programs is 495.	Please forward this to anyone who might benefit from a better understanding of energy derivatives, risk management, gas-to-electricity arbitrage, statistics or electric power trading.
Please revise the signature pages for	I m just glad you got the message.. - Karl. Original Message. Kay.Mann enron.com SMTP:Kay.Mann enron.com Sent:??. Evidently we are experiencing some technical difficulty on this end.?. The task should be finished shortly.. Kay.Mann enron.com cc:. E-Next Generation Purchase by DAED I/II. Kay - As mentioned in my voice mail.?	Kay - As mentioned in my voice mail.?	Please revise the signature pages for E-Next Generation as follows and e-mail back to me.
please remove my name from this list...thank  you...Dan Kessler?			please remove my name from this list...thank you...Dan Kessler?
Mike, since Terry is out this week, can you take the lead to find out			Mike, since Terry is out this week, can you take the lead to find out status of this report as you are checking to consistency with this report and the automation of the storage report.
Please call Bruce Silvers with Bingham   Dana in Hartford, Conn, and tell him			Please call Bruce Silvers with Bingham Dana in Hartford, Conn, and tell him my trip has rescheduled.
Would you send Marlene a copy of the Equitrans agreement next week?			Would you send Marlene a copy of the Equitrans agreement next week?
Give me a call and we	You are meeting with Bowen who has authority to hire.	You are meeting with Bowen who has authority to hire.	Give me a call and we can talk through each of the people.
Please re-provide as a	John, I previously asked you to quantify the global size of your business in Billions and you sent me a voice mail on it.. I have misplaced that note and don t remember the global size for the presentation.	I have misplaced that note and don t remember the global size for the presentation.	Please re-provide as a return email.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Daniel Porretta 1615 Woodlawn Ave. Holland, MI 49423 dananddeb novagate.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please read the document at:			Please read the document at:
Please locate Jody Pierce s fax number, and send it to Peter.			Please locate Jody Pierce s fax number, and send it to Peter.
Please respond.	I note in TW s bullets for 12-22 that TW did the Cal Border Backhaul deal with SW Gas.. The last I heard about it, the deal had cratered.. I had serious reservations about doing the deal as it was initially described to me, which included a Cal border sale of surplus gas and a backhaul for EES on behalf of SW Gas.. My probems were 1 the issue of possible or apparent affiliate preference and 2 the need for adequate documentation of surplus line pack.. My last guidance was that a deal like this might be doable, but only if we could document the surplus and if Stan signed off on it.. What happened?. Does the deal involve EES???. Was that raised with Stan and Danny?. The bullets don t mention the identity of the shipper that the backhaul was done for.	The bullets don t mention the identity of the shipper that the backhaul was done for.	Please respond.
Reminder, to please send a credit sheet for this company.			Reminder, to please send a credit sheet for this company.
Can you give us a general status email	Thanks for all the activity on this.	Thanks for all the activity on this.	Can you give us a general status email towards the end of the day?
contractual performance, Enron Accounts Payable please wire my funds to my	Sorry about the mix-up on the email Molly.. I hope you get this one.. As most good corporations like Enron have predefined contractual arrangements to do Executive Search business I will be happy to abide by your terms and rules.. And to be quite honest- Enron is about the best it gets so, I prefer to not draft a contract this time or for this relationship- I will wait for yours to be signed by me.	And to be quite honest- Enron is about the best it gets so, I prefer to not draft a contract this time or for this relationship- I will wait for yours to be signed by me.	The only stipulation I request of you is that upon contractual performance, Enron Accounts Payable please wire my funds to my account as I have a multi-currency account denominated in USD/Canadian or British Pounds which ever fits you as I may need to pay my counterparts in the UK ...other than that I have no perplexities.
Gather this info when you get a chance and give it to me.			Gather this info when you get a chance and give it to me.
Please help Martin to resolve his prob.	Hi!	Hi!	Hal, Please help Martin to resolve his prob.
Please contact me with questions regarding MidC schedules.	Mike Purcell is leaving our group to move to Volume management, effective following his vacation which is all next week.. I will be scheduling Mid C until a replacement is hired and trained.	I will be scheduling Mid C until a replacement is hired and trained.	Please contact me with questions regarding MidC schedules.
Please contact me as soon as possible with a ti	What is wrong with these people?. Who faxes?. Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 04/09/2001 07:52 20 PM. We have forwarded to you via facsimile our comments to the Letter Agreement 20 and the LLC Agreement.. The majority of our comments, as you will note, are 20 intended to clarify the understanding of the parties with respect to the 20 various matters set forth in such documents and are not intended to change 20 the deal .. Except that, upon the advise of our tax counsel, we have adjuste d 20 the amounts of the promissory notes to be issued in connection with the 20 transaction in order to maximize the LLC 01,s basis in the Turbines.. We bel ieve 20 this is consistent with your initial draft of the Letter Agreement.. Also, please note that we have included additional language in Section 6 of 20 the Letter Agreement which provides NorthWestern with the opportunity to 20 consult with GE on matters relating to the Turbines.. This reflects our 20 understanding of an agreement that had been reached among the parties.. With respect to the LLC Agreement, we would like to discuss with you the 20 following: i the timing of the exercise of the Call Right and ii the 20 intent of your proposed language in Section 7 relating to the rights of eac h 20 Member to act in its own best interests with respect to the Call and Put 20 Rights.. To that end, we propose scheduling a conference call on Tuesday 20 afternoon, April 11, 2001.	To that end, we propose scheduling a conference call on Tuesday 20 afternoon, April 11, 2001.	Please contact me as soon as possible with a ti me 20 that is convenient for your team.
Please forward to the appropriate members of	Dear Mr. Lay:. Here is the new Service Provider version of our white paper as promised.. I d like to know what you think.	I d like to know what you think.	Please forward to the appropriate members of your staff.
Please call with questions.	I have added deal 541123 as a buyback for December 25-31 2000.. Please invoice South Hampton total flow thru the meter 12/01 - 12/24; on 12/25 they should be invoiced a minimum of 1700 mmbtu per day at contract and buy back 900 mmbtu per day per sitara 541123.	Please invoice South Hampton total flow thru the meter 12/01 - 12/24; on 12/25 they should be invoiced a minimum of 1700 mmbtu per day at contract and buy back 900 mmbtu per day per sitara 541123.	Please call with questions.
further information is required then please call Mark Walker at 661	Executive Summary. The attached file, Clearskypavout0302, contains the production and availability data based on Visupro recorded data.. The turbine production in March and Jan are within 0.3 of the substation value assuming a 2 line loss.. February is still lower than the substation after all of the corrections used in March and January were applied.. The turbines which had a meter reset in March were 17, 44, 59, and 93.. The meter resets were corrected for.. Also corrected were turbines 32 and 42 which had a communication loss at the beginning of March and turbines 69, 70, 71, 77, 82 - 93, 96, 100, 102, 103, 104-109, and 113-122 which had a communication loss at the end of March.. A final correction was made to turbine 42 which had an improper Visupro address during the early part of March.. The availability rose above 90 even though the production was disappointing due to frequent curtailments.. There were no corrections for force majeure because no force majeure was indicated in the Daily Reports.. The grid outage log information was added to the attached file for cross reference.	The grid outage log information was added to the attached file for cross reference.	If any further information is required then please call Mark Walker at PHONE .
Please shout with	Please use the following two files as your detail support for finanical liquidations:. Previously, I believe you were given the capacity hedges file the pricebasisindex file and the pricebasisindex revised file.. All three of these equalled the 3.7 million.. You should use the revised and the capacity hedge file.. When you use the two files listed above, you will come up with a variance going the other way of roughly 817,385 .. This amount should be a desk adjustment .. We have accounted for the variance in our current month 0800 file and will simply reclass between the months.	We have accounted for the variance in our current month 0800 file and will simply reclass between the months.	Please shout with any questions.
Please respond to Jill Powers at jpowers caiso.com by 3:00 p.m. on Friday if	Attention IT and Scheduling Personnel Your participation is requested in the Inter-SC Trade Adjustment Bid Market Simulation.. As previously announced, the ISO has scheduled for the first week of October 1, 2000 the implementation of Inter-SC Trade Adjustment Bids.. Prior to this implementation, a Market Simulation is being scheduled for all Market Participants in order to provide for simulation on the use of this new functionality.. Inter- SC Trade Adjustment Bid Market Simulation is scheduled to begin on Tuesday, September 4, 2000.. The ISO will hold a kickoff meeting conference call on Thursday, August 31 from 2:00 - 3:00 p.m., to elicit participation and review the scope of this Market Simulation.. During this conference call, we will also request participants help in finalizing details of the Market Simulation Plan which will be distributed to Market Simulation Participants by Friday.. All Market Participants are strongly urged to participate in this simulation.	All Market Participants are strongly urged to participate in this simulation.	Please respond to Jill Powers at jpowers caiso.com by 3:00 p.m. on Friday if you intend to participate.
Please put on my schedule.			Please put on my schedule.
Please take time to review both documents to see if	Per Andrew, Let s plan on meeting or at least touching base on Thursday at 3:00.. I m attaching a revised summary and a spreadsheet derived from the one Maria sent me on Monday.	I m attaching a revised summary and a spreadsheet derived from the one Maria sent me on Monday.	Please take time to review both documents to see if we re still heading down the right path....
There are too many disputes to pull tapes for, so please help me find the	Dear Traders,. I still have not heard responses from some of you who have been on shift since I sent the e-mail about MPC cleanup.. We need to check out soon!	We need to check out soon!	There are too many disputes to pull tapes for, so please help me find the answers.
I just got some late changes in from Leslie, so please hold list I JUST send			I just got some late changes in from Leslie, so please hold list I JUST send you until she resolves these issues.
Please check with	Well, I hate to write this, but I found out last night that I will have to be in Chicago next Wednesday thru Friday.. Call me.. DG 3-9573. Please plan to attend one of two training sessions conducted by Darron Giron where he will discuss some general aspects of risk management as they relate to the operational analysis process.. Following his presentation, we will clarify some of the Phase II OA issues.. The sessions will be held on Wednesday, August 23 and Thursday, August 24 in Room 37c1.	The sessions will be held on Wednesday, August 23 and Thursday, August 24 in Room 37c1.	Please check with your leads if you are unable to attend during your scheduled time.
Please contact the ISC Call Center at  713  345-4727.	Please do not reply to this e-mail.. You are receiving this message because you have an unresolved invoice in your iBuyit Payables in-box that is past due.. Please login to iBuyit Payables and resolve this invoice as soon as possible.. To launch iBuyit Payables, click on the link below: http://iBuyitPayables.enron.com Note: Your iBuyit Payables User ID and Password are your eHRonline/SAP Personnel ID and Password.. First time iBuyit Payables user?. For training materials, click on the link below: http://sap.enron.com/sap doclib/user/file list.asp?cabinet id 265. Need help?	Need help?	Please contact the ISC Call Center at PHONE .
P.S. Tiffany, could you forward this to Joe Hunter.			-To: Carol St Clair X-cc: Tiffany Williams, Mark Taylor, Michael E Moscoso, Brenda F Herod, Glenn Wright, Paul Radous X-bcc: X-Folder: Mark Taylor Jun2001 Notes Folders Notes inbox X-Origin: Taylor-M X-FileName: mtaylor.nsf
please give me a call to discuss any questions and or issues regarding the	Mr. Mitchell,. At the request of Phil DeMoes I am forwarding a draft of a GISB between Enron North America Corp. and Oglethorpe Exchange Place.	At the request of Phil DeMoes I am forwarding a draft of a GISB between Enron North America Corp. and Oglethorpe Exchange Place.	Upon your review, please give me a call to discuss any questions and or issues regarding the draft.
FYI - FOR NEW ATTENDEE S - THIS IS A RECURRING WEEKLY MEETING AT 1:00PM TUESDAYS - INVITATION S ARE NOT SENT - PLEASE MARK YOUR CALENDAR ACCORDINGLY	Editor s note - today s meeting is today October 23, not the 16th as indicated below.......sorry for the confusion. Meeting is at 1:00pm CST, Tuesday, October 16 EB 12C2 Dial in PHONE Passcode PHONE	Meeting is at 1:00pm CST, Tuesday, October 16 EB 12C2 Dial in PHONE Passcode PHONE	FYI - FOR NEW ATTENDEE S - THIS IS A RECURRING WEEKLY MEETING AT 1:00PM TUESDAYS - INVITATION S ARE NOT SENT - PLEASE MARK YOUR CALENDAR ACCORDINGLY
Please send them via email to  Office of the Chief Executive .	As Steve Cooper has mentioned in his voicemail messages, there will be an All-Employee Meeting this Thursday, April 11.. The meeting will be held at 8:30 a.m. CST in the Imperial Ballroom of the Hyatt Regency Hotel.. Unfortunately, the full ballroom was not available until late May, but we did not want to put off the meeting until then.. Capacity at the Hyatt will be limited to 1,400 people seated, with additional room for approximately 200 people standing.. As an alternative to attending the meeting, employees in Houston will be able to listen to a live audio stream and view the slide presentation on their computers at http://home.enron.com/employeemeeting/.. The question and answer portion of the meeting will not be broadcasted.. Shortly after the meeting, the audio broadcast and the slide presentation will be available for all employees at home.enron.com.. Given the current environment and continuing media interest surrounding Enron, we will take extra security precautions at the Hyatt.. Employees attending the meeting will be required to show their current photo employee badge and each badge will be crosschecked with a current employee list.. No one will be permitted into the meeting without their badge.. Due to space constraints, contract workers will not be permitted to attend the meeting.. We recognize that this security process will take time, so check-in will begin at 7:45 a.m. We apologize for any inconvenience this process creates and appreciate your understanding and patience.. We encourage you to submit questions for the meeting in advance.	We encourage you to submit questions for the meeting in advance.	Please send them via email to Office of the Chief Executive .
Can you arrange for  Frederic Chamoux to:	Mina:. Mark Haedicke does not have his lap top computer with him so he probably has not seen this e-mail.. Janette Elbertson. Mark,. Could you kindly confirm ASAP if you will have time for sightseeing as requested by Janette on her e-mail below.. Also could you inform me at what time and where you would like the driver to pick you up tomorrow, February 14th afternoon, for sightseeing and/or transfer so as I can set up with the driver.. Thank you,. Mina Miyakawa Assistant to Sami Arap and Luiz Watanabe Extension 1362. Forwarded by Mina Miyakawa/SA/Enron on 02/13/2001 06:31 PM. Mina:	Mina:	Can you arrange for Frederic Chamoux to:
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Coleen Hanna P.O.. Box 4482 Crofton, MD 21114 coleen.a.hanna constellation.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Something like this might be appropriate to send to the larger weekly group...please edit, revise, etc..			Something like this might be appropriate to send to the larger weekly group...please edit, revise, etc..
Please comment.	Please print for David.. Thanks.. Attached is a first stab at the agreement.	Attached is a first stab at the agreement.	Please comment.
Could you forward me the  matrix.    sounds so  classified.   I love it.			-FileName: Dasovich, Jeff Non-Privileged .pst
Please advise me on this matter and let me know if you want me to follow up			Hello Mark, Please advise me on this matter and let me know if you want me to follow up with the customer or if you contact customer.
Please contact me about the numbers of tickets you will need.	Greg Whalley has rented out the Rooftop Deck Clubhouse at Union Station for Opening Game on Friday, April 7.. You are cordially invited to party with Greg the Green Hornet Whalley, with game time beginning 7:05p.m.. - Astros vs. PHI.	- Astros vs. PHI.	Please contact me about the numbers of tickets you will need.
Please respond to  Julie   julie lacimagroup.com	Julie,. Thanks for the invitation.. Tuesday would work better for me.. I came back from California this morning and I am quite exhausted.. What is the number at which I can reach you?. Vince	Vince	Julie julie lacimagroup.com on 02/26/2001 11:00:46 AM Please respond to Julie julie lacimagroup.com To: VinceJKaminski Vince.J.Kaminski enron.com cc: Subject: dinner
Please RSVP to Colleen Grant, ISO Client Relations at 916-608- 7069 or	ISO Automated Dispatching System ADS Project Distribution List:. The ISO will host an Automated Dispatching System Phase II project kickoff and informational working session on Thursday, August 24, 2000, from 9 AM through Noon, at the Lake Natoma Inn, Folsom.. A Continental Breakfast will be served.	A Continental Breakfast will be served.	Please RSVP to Colleen Grant, ISO Client Relations at PHONE or e-mail Cgrant caiso.com .
Rod - Please review the attached documents and advise Sara if acceptable			Rod - Please review the attached documents and advise Sara if acceptable from a credit standpoint.
Please contact Parking   Transportation by email or by phone x3-7060.	Unfortunately, we cannot answer your question.	Unfortunately, we cannot answer your question.	Please contact Parking Transportation by email or by phone x3-7060.
copy, use or disclose this communication to others; also please notify the	This message and any attachments are intended for the individual or entity named above.	This message and any attachments are intended for the individual or entity named above.	If you are not the intended recipient, please do not read, copy, use or disclose this communication to others; also please notify the sender by replying to this message, and then delete it from your system.
Could you give him  Bill  a call at 1 or 2 on Friday CST?			Vince, Could you give him Bill a call at 1 or 2 on Friday CST?
Please remove me from this list.			Please remove me from this list.
Can you please send me an e-mail with an electronic copy.	Thanks for the hard copies.	Thanks for the hard copies.	Can you please send me an e-mail with an electronic copy.
Could you please resend me the email with all your groups pager numbers.	Ramesh,	Ramesh,	Could you please resend me the email with all your groups pager numbers.
Schematic please open the JGSM Area icon on the EMBANET desktop.	Kathy,. What is EMBANET?. Do I have access from the outside?. Vince Kaminski. Spring 2001 Faculty,. The Spring 2001 Schematic has been posted to EMBANET.	The Spring 2001 Schematic has been posted to EMBANET.	To access the Schematic please open the JGSM Area icon on the EMBANET desktop.
Jeff - Can you please print out two copies of this document, initial and have	The following documents are attached:. 1 Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement between enovate and PetroCanada.. I have made the following changes to Mary s document: a effective date of November 1st, 2000 to coincide with the start of the transaction, b notification for nominations/confirmations, and c signature line from enovate to enovate by Enron MW.	I have made the following changes to Mary s document: a effective date of November 1st, 2000 to coincide with the start of the transaction, b notification for nominations/confirmations, and c signature line from enovate to enovate by Enron MW.	Jeff - Can you please print out two copies of this document, initial and have your assistant deliver them to Janet for execution.
please confirm to me  Ext. 3-6855  or to Brian  713.304.3808/mobile  that you			Richard:
Please help Brad with this request.			Dana, Please help Brad with this request.
Please, put on my schedule.			FYI Please, put on my schedule.
Please get me your revised term sheet as soon	Fred:. I would like you to take a first shot at incorporating the terms we discussed today and in Tampa with TECO.	I would like you to take a first shot at incorporating the terms we discussed today and in Tampa with TECO.	Please get me your revised term sheet as soon as possible.
Please forward the necessary forms for this purchase.	Jean, would your group have the responsibility now of purchasing and installing the needed software for a Palm Pilot for our new staff member, Michelle Lokay?	Jean, would your group have the responsibility now of purchasing and installing the needed software for a Palm Pilot for our new staff member, Michelle Lokay?	Please forward the necessary forms for this purchase.
check out thanksgiving pages...send them on to friends and family to let them	Daily Blessing http://www.daily-blessings.com/bless143.htm. Jan http://www.daily-blessings.com/humor52.htm	Jan http://www.daily-blessings.com/humor52.htm	check out thanksgiving pages...send them on to friends and family to let them know you are thankful for them!
Please make sure you close out of these types of applications before 3:55pm,	From approximately 4 - 4:15pm today, our network connection with Houston will be down.. Any applications that rely on Houston servers will not function during this time, for example: Lotus Notes Web Browser Any remote applications run from Houston	Any applications that rely on Houston servers will not function during this time, for example: Lotus Notes Web Browser Any remote applications run from Houston	Please make sure you close out of these types of applications before 3:55pm, or you may lose data.
Web Conferencing participant, please RSVP to Monica	lbullock nyiso.com writes to the NYISO TECH EXCHANGE Discussion List:. Dear MSWG and S P WG Members,. The NYISO will be introducing a new Web Conferencing service at the 10/23 Joint MSWG/S P Meeting for members who will be participating by conference call.. This service will enable the conference call participants to view meeting presentations real time via the internet.. To participate in this service,an internet connection and standard web browser is all that is required.. No software download will be necessary.	No software download will be necessary.	If you are interested in joining Tuesday s meeting as a Web Conferencing participant, please RSVP to Monica Ryan-Taber at mryantaber nyiso.com.
Please RSVP:        Ellen Prendergast at:	September 7, 01. Mr. Richard B.. Buy EVP Chief Risk Officer Enron Corporation 1400 Smith Street - 50th Floor Houston, Texas PHONE . Dear Mr. Buy:. Following up on our earlier Save the Date invitation, I am pleased to confirm that HVB s reception and dinner will take place. Wednesday, October 24, 2001. The Houstonian 111 North Post Oak Lane Houston, Texas 77024 PHONE . Juniper Room. Stephan Bub, a member of HVB Board of Directors and CEO of HVB America and Asia will host the event.. Other senior officers from Munich and New York will attend as well.. I look forward to your attendance... Sincerely Yours,. Yoram Dankner	Yoram Dankner	Please RSVP: Ellen Prendergast at: Phone: PHONE ; Fax: PHONE Ellen Prendergast hvbamericas.com
Can you e:mail me the letter on health care so I can play off it a bit with	Here is a copy of the economists letter the Independent Institute released on health care.. It is about 330 words long.. http://independent.org/tii/news/OpenLetterHealthCare0002.html. Here is my first draft of a letter to economists for power price caps.. It is 275 words long, so we have some room.. The tricky thing here is the interplay between retail and wholesale price regulation that is not present in other price control situations.. In other words, the public utility nature of retail prices complicates things a bit, so our letter will have to be careful about not losing support from economists who wonder if this is really about a natural monopoly situation--at retail at least.. Maybe instead of price decontrol at retail we can just call for a move toward real-time pricing.. Comments appreciated.. - Rob. Thank you for your assistance.. Best regards,. David. Let s just continue to use the 30k.	Let s just continue to use the 30k.	Can you e:mail me the letter on health care so I can play off it a bit with my draft on energy price controls?
Can you help Angela with this.	Angela,. CO 0413 Cost Center 105657. Taffy,	Taffy,	Can you help Angela with this.
Please invite your analysts and specialists to attend a 2 hour Power Systems			Please invite your analysts and specialists to attend a 2 hour Power Systems 101session that will be presented by Mitch Robinson Enron Peaker Asset Manager .
Could you forward to me any information or data regarding what we charged them, and what they still owe us?	Ola Mr. Stokley, I spoke with Les Rawson today, and he met with El Paso last week.. He said they are really nervous, about how much money they owe us for underbilling of PX losses.. The believe it is at a minimum half a million, maybe more.	The believe it is at a minimum half a million, maybe more.	Could you forward to me any information or data regarding what we charged them, and what they still owe us?
Please log off of your machines tonight.	Attention UBS Warburg Energy Users:. Please be aware that IT will begin migrations to UBSW Energy this evening.	Please be aware that IT will begin migrations to UBSW Energy this evening.	Please log off of your machines tonight.
To unsubscribe from this email, please read the			To unsubscribe from this email, please read the information at the end of this message.
Please give me an update.	Elizabeth: Now that the Federal Estate Tax Return has been filed, you should think about making a substantial distribution from the Trust to the individual trust accounts for you and your siblings.. Some funds should be held back in case of an audit of the Return.. I think 100,000 would be a safe number to keep in the account.. I called the Virginia attorney and left a message for him.. I hope he has gotten the Estate opened by now.. How have you progressed with getting the IRA distributed.	How have you progressed with getting the IRA distributed.	Please give me an update.
Can you send me any GTC that would have been for Nov -01 through March 02 business for PGW.	Thanks Susan.	Thanks Susan.	Can you send me any GTC that would have been for Nov -01 through March 02 business for PGW.
Please print attachment for me.			Please print attachment for me.
Please call me about this when you can.			Please call me about this when you can.
Please, register me.	Shirley,	Shirley,	Please, register me.
Karen - please prepare the funding request for today.	I believe James contact at Williams is Shelly O Brian PHONE .. We will try and get the wire out today - but that depends on Rick signing it and the bank cooperating.. There was a misunderstanding that the 2.3MM needed to be paid regardless of if the November payment was made or not.	There was a misunderstanding that the 2.3MM needed to be paid regardless of if the November payment was made or not.	Karen - please prepare the funding request for today.
After you put Ken s signature on this, please email it to Joe Hartsoe.	Please see attached.	Please see attached.	After you put Ken s signature on this, please email it to Joe Hartsoe.
Please, send Johan  address below  the info how to get to the building.	Shirley,	Shirley,	Please, send Johan address below the info how to get to the building.
Please have this list reviewed and let me know if this is in aggreance with	Joram/Yair,. Attached please find the spreadsheet sheet 1 for physical power deals and sheet 2 for financial power deals containing the deals currently outstanding between Merrill Lynch Capital Services and Enron Power Marketing, Inc. for physical power and Enron North America Corp. for financial power .	Attached please find the spreadsheet sheet 1 for physical power deals and sheet 2 for financial power deals containing the deals currently outstanding between Merrill Lynch Capital Services and Enron Power Marketing, Inc. for physical power and Enron North America Corp. for financial power .	Please have this list reviewed and let me know if this is in aggreance with your records.
Please help do your part to make sure each membe	At Enron, performance is formally evaluated twice a year and your feedback 20 plays an important role in the process.. In order for this process to be 20 successful, your participation is critical in meeting Enron 01,s Performanc e 20 Management goals.. Our goal of achieving 360 degree feedback is a key part of 20 the communication process at Enron.. This feedback helps foster teamwork, a s 20 well as enables Enron to reward innovation and hard work.. 20. The deadline for feedback to be submitted for the 2000 Performance Evaluati on 20 Process PEP is FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 17.. If you have been selected as a 20 reviewer, please take the time today to provide this feedback in order to 20 avoid possible system delays near the deadline.. 20 You can access PEP at http://pep.corp.enron.com and select Performance Revi ew 20 under Performance Review Services on the menu bar.. Also, don 01,t forget to 20 complete your self evaluation -- simply select Self Evaluation under 20 Performance Review Services.. 20. If you have any problems accessing the system or any questions regarding th e 20 Performance Management Process, please contact: 20 20 In Houston: PEP Help Desk at PHONE , Option 4 perfmgmt enron.com. In London: PEP Help Desk at PHONE , Option 4 pep.enquiries enron.com. Enron 01,s success each year can be attributed to the innovative and dilige nt 20 efforts of our employees.	Enron 01,s success each year can be attributed to the innovative and dilige nt 20 efforts of our employees.	Please help do your part to make sure each membe r 20 of the Enron team is recognized for his or her contributions.
1.  Follow up and make sure the officers get set up correctly.			-Origin: FOSSUM-D X-FileName: dfossum.nsf
Can you send the info regarding SDDP to John?	Tom,	Tom,	Can you send the info regarding SDDP to John?
Please, give me call about it.	Hill,. Yes, I think it can be done.. I am in London right now and I shall come back next week Thursday.	I am in London right now and I shall come back next week Thursday.	Please, give me call about it.
Could you please forward to Bev?	FYI.	FYI.	Could you please forward to Bev?
Check the Storm Warning Center s new A-Z Guide to make sure you re	Latest hurricane and tropical weather information from the GoPBI.com Storm Warning Center - http:/GoPBI.com/storm TROPICAL DEPRESSION MAY BE FORMING The National Weather Service is monitoring a system over the northwest Gulf of Mexico about 150 miles off the mid-Texas Coast.. Reports indicate winds of 40-50 mph with gusts as high as 60.. The mid- and upper Texas Coast and coastal Louisiana can expect heavy rain and gusty winds to tropical storm force later today and tonight.. Get the latest forcast ... http://GoPBI.com/storm?tag e 0605. SEE SATELLITE, RADAR IMAGES Follow the developing storm with Gulf of Mexico and Southeast photos, updated every 15 minutes.. http://GoPBI.com/storm/satellite/gulsat.html?tag e 0605	http://GoPBI.com/storm/satellite/gulsat.html?tag e 0605	GET READY NOW Check the Storm Warning Center s new A-Z Guide to make sure you re prepared if a hurricane threatens your area.
Once the variance has been cleared, please send	Daren/Vance -. The two meters below are new and have unallocatable flow.......I will need a purchase for each of them.. Please respond with a deal number, or further suggestions for resolution so that I can clear this up as soon as possible.. Mary. Hi Guys,. Please take a look at the following meters which are showing up with variances on my UA4 report.	Please take a look at the following meters which are showing up with variances on my UA4 report.	Once the variance has been cleared, please send me an e-mail.
price gouging  make sure to forward this to Jeff ... my e-mail is slow on the	I think it looks good.. a few suggestions though:	a few suggestions though:	I haven t read the whole reprt so I can t say for sure that it alleges no price gouging make sure to forward this to Jeff ... my e-mail is slow on the road .
Please review the accuracy of all deals for	Attached is a spreadsheet which details all transactions added to the RGS database during the current day.	Attached is a spreadsheet which details all transactions added to the RGS database during the current day.	Please review the accuracy of all deals for which you are responsible.
Please provide your estimate for this week s AGA storage survey.	Good Morning,	Good Morning,	Please provide your estimate for this week s AGA storage survey.
gang on the conference call about the Brattle Group stuff, give me a call and	Thanks.	Thanks.	If you d like to have a conversation that doesn t include the whole gang on the conference call about the Brattle Group stuff, give me a call and we can have a calmer, more detailed discussion without all the noise.
Please forward to me those brief topic write-ups you promised so that I can	Shirley,. Please, remind me about making arrangements for this trip later this week.. Vince. Vince: My schedule indicates that should be a good day to be on campus, so let s plan for it.	Vince: My schedule indicates that should be a good day to be on campus, so let s plan for it.	Please forward to me those brief topic write-ups you promised so that I can schedule appropriate faculty to meet with you.
Can you send them the CAISO language.	Hi guys - here is a WSPP request for products.	Hi guys - here is a WSPP request for products.	Can you send them the CAISO language.
Please notify me whether you will	Shirley,. Please, put it on my schedule.. Vince. Just a gentle reminder that the day and room location have changed for the next Transmission Roundtable meeting due to several of the participants being in an all day ERCOT meeting on Tuesday, January 23, 2001.. The next Transmission Roundtable Meeting has been changed to Wednesday, January 24, 2001,and moved to Conference Room 49C1.	The next Transmission Roundtable Meeting has been changed to Wednesday, January 24, 2001,and moved to Conference Room 49C1.	Please notify me whether you will attend or not.
Please have him e-mail it to me at Karen.Marshall Enron.com	Karen,. The total of 5 offers.. I sent you 2 CVs electronically, 2 hard copies to Charlene.. Paulo s resume will follow.. Vince. Vince,. Do you want 3 offers extended or 5?. I just noticed that you plan to fax two additional resumes.. If so, when can I expect the additional resumes?. Karen. Vince,. I will handle the offer letters for the candidates.. I have the resumes for Darten Williams and Sevil Yaman.. I know you only provided the e-mail memo for Paulo Rocha, but I really need his resume in order to capture the necessary information for his offer letter.	I know you only provided the e-mail memo for Paulo Rocha, but I really need his resume in order to capture the necessary information for his offer letter.	Please have him e-mail it to me at Karen.Marshall Enron.com
For now, please mark your calendars and plan to attend this	Gas Cost Stabilization Seminar The American Gas Association is sponsoring a seminar on gas cost stabilization techniques, on September 20-21, 2001 at AGA, 400 N. Capitol St., Washington, DC.. An agenda and registration materials will be sent shortly.	An agenda and registration materials will be sent shortly.	For now, please mark your calendars and plan to attend this important event.
Can you make this change and forward to  Phil?			Can you make this change and forward to Phil?
extension, please call me at 1-800-97ENRON  extension 57229  or Kristin Gandy	I am writing to inform you that the deadline for your offer of employment from Enron has been extended until January 2, 2001.. More information will follow between now and then.	More information will follow between now and then.	If you have any questions regarding this extension, please call me at 1-800-97ENRON extension 57229 or Kristin Gandy at extension 53214.
Please call me to confirm any nom s.	I m back......and have some opportunities to go with today s attractive prices.. IT - I can move gas all over the system, although the Niagara to Leidy doesn t look very attractive for this morning.. ISS - According to early reports from Dispatch, Niagara and East Aurora, have 75,000 dth available for injection today through Thursday, while Rose Lake has 50,000 available today and tomorrow.. Lamont has 20,000 available today and tomorrow.	Lamont has 20,000 available today and tomorrow.	Please call me to confirm any nom s. The amount of excess availability is subject to change as the day goes on and the prices fall.
Great job...  Please write a short detailed description of this transaction for distribution to all our Central Originators.			-Origin: SHIVELY-H X-FileName: Shively, Hunter S..pst
Laura, can you put this in the correct format and submit to Tammie.	Tammie:. TX Gas Orig:. Brian Redmond - MD Gary Bryan - Director Morris LaRubbio - Manager Jennifer Shipos - Manager. JD Buss Assoc is in the Research/Fundamentals Group and is dedicated to TX Gas on a dotted-line relationship.	JD Buss Assoc is in the Research/Fundamentals Group and is dedicated to TX Gas on a dotted-line relationship.	Laura, can you put this in the correct format and submit to Tammie.
Please, coordinate with Kevin and Anita.	Shirley,. No problem.	No problem.	Please, coordinate with Kevin and Anita.
Please inform me as how we can work through	Kevin,. Please let me know when your move date has been firmed up .. Can you let me know the location that you want to install the new copier at I will need to check for the necessary power outlet ?. Listed below are some of the latest generation Heavy Duty copiers that Enron has been installing as replacement for older equipment such as the Xerox 5388 etc.. Feel free to try them out for the specific task that you have on a daily basis and let me know what you think We can discuss relevant speeds associated costs after you have tested these copiers :. FYI: There are 2 other models from Lanier: The 5355 and the 5365.. Both of these are the Toshiba 70 series digital copier rebranded as Lanier .. If the one of the Toshiba 70 series listed above meets your criteria, the 5300 series from Lanier is a better cost option between the two different brands.. If possible, would you be available to meet next week to discuss further?. I would like to invite a member of the ENA Finance group to go over cost allocations for the new copier, regardless of which copier selected.. Thanks, Iain..................... Hello Iain , Well time is drawing near for another move for us.. The problem is we do not have a heavy duty copier for the floor.. We do need a copier.	We do need a copier.	Please inform me as how we can work through this , maybe we can split the cost with others on the floor.
Please drop by and say  Hello  to Josie.	Tomorrow, Grace begins her vacation to Hawaii lucky gal!. .. She will be out of the office for a little over a week.. During this time, I will also be out of the office for Assoc/Analyst recruiting for several days.. To insure that an HR resource will be available for you, Josie Jarnagin will be in our office for the next two weeks.. Josie worked with me at EBS as our HR Coordinator.. She is familiar with all of the Enron systems including payroll, SAP and Benefits.. Josie will be able to answer questions, problem-solve with you and help support our team.	Josie will be able to answer questions, problem-solve with you and help support our team.	Please drop by and say Hello to Josie.
Please pay special attention to the following points:	Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas 770 PHONE phone PHONE fax sara.shackleton enron.com. The Goldman Sachs Client Access Agreement the Agreement and/or Schedule A -- Electronic Trading Services Schedule A are attached for your review and signature.. The Agreement and Schedule A are required for each legal entity whose trading personnel are enabled to access Goldman Sachs electronic systems.. The documents must be signed by an authorized signatory of the legal entity ies that employs each enabled person.. The list of persons within your organization that have been enabled to access Goldman Sachs electronic systems and their associated legal entity ies are listed below.. If the Legal Entity name is incorrect, please indicate the appropriate name for purposes of this Agreement and Schedule A.. Please list all enabled users and their corresponding legal entity on Schedule A-ETS Authorized Users.. You may add additional users or delete ones that are currently enabled.. Enabled users Legal Entity Harry Arora Enron NA. Please complete, date and sign both the Agreement and Schedules separately.	Please complete, date and sign both the Agreement and Schedules separately.	Please pay special attention to the following points:
Could you take a minute to review and let me			Steve - I put together the following draft slide for next week s analyst conference regarding RTO s. Could you take a minute to review and let me know if you have any comments/concerns.
Please call me with any questions.	Rosemary, After a discussion with Stacey we have decided to change the coding of the wires referred to below.. Please code per the original wires to PHONE , Profit Center 12854, Transaction type E09.. Dana is sending the original wires back to you.	Dana is sending the original wires back to you.	Please call me with any questions.
Please forward acopy of yours so that we may	Here is a copy of my itinerary.	Here is a copy of my itinerary.	Please forward acopy of yours so that we may coordinate.
Please RSVP to Natalie in the IPAMS office by responding to this message or e-mailing her at ngarner ipams.org.	November 27, 2001. Dear Board Member:. I wanted to give you a quick reminder that the 4th Quarter Board of Directors Meeting is next week.. Hopefully you ve already made arrangements and are planning to attend.. We have a short amount of time to cover all our topics, so each board member is asked to keep their oral report short 3-5 minutes .. Oral reports are intended to touch on highlights such as: significant issues and upcoming events or activities.. For Committee Chairs and State Vice Presidents a more detailed description of your activities/reports should be contained in your written report.. A form for submitting your report is also included with this letter.. As a reminder, please submit written reports to the IPAMS staff no later than Monday, December 3rd.	As a reminder, please submit written reports to the IPAMS staff no later than Monday, December 3rd.	Please RSVP to Natalie in the IPAMS office by responding to this message or e-mailing her at ngarner ipams.org.
So please make sure these contacts switch to your new	We are one enron.com!. Please be aware of the following senders were automatically notified to a .. stop sending internet mail to your ect.enron.com address and to b .. send future internet communications to Sara.Shackleton enron.com :. LOWED andrews-kurth.com, DGUEST2 andrews-kurth.com. REMINDER : Your ect.enron.com address should not be used any longer and will be deactivated soon.	REMINDER : Your ect.enron.com address should not be used any longer and will be deactivated soon.	So please make sure these contacts switch to your new enron.com address.
Please contact Yvonne Berry at  541  485-0053 or	JoC Online Daily E-mail Newsletter Thanksgiving Edition November 21, 2001 www.joc.com. HOLIDAY NOTICE. JoC Online and the JoC Online Daily E-mail Newsletter will not be updated on Thursday, Nov. 22 due to the U.S. Thanksgiving holiday.. The Web site and e-mail newsletter will next be updated on Friday, Nov. 23.. Take the Daily Quiz, sponsored by APL.. How many major seas are in the Pacific Ocean?. Click on http://news.joc.com/cgi-bin7/flo?y eD3M0BejkZ0n50PuU0Aw. TODAY S TOP HEADLINES:. Korea ship exports boom KLM Cargo eliminates fuel surcharge Lufthansa braces for layoffs Atlas opens new hub network Malaysia sets completion of Customs e-systems US Coalition protests steel curbs CF Air chief confident in security measures Surprise choice for HK air express hub Deutsche Post names Pordzik US chief Sri Lankan shippers slam document fee US firms sign trade deals with Cuba Union Pacific unveils Olympic, flag trains JoC Week: New day for NVOCCs. WE VE GOT YOUR COMPETITORS!. They re attending the 6th annual Bulk Transportation Conference Exhibition on December 3 4, 2001.. Don t let them horde all this knowledge and networking for themselves.. Sponsorship opportunities still available.	Sponsorship opportunities still available.	http://news.joc.com/cgi-bin7/flo?y eD3M0BejkZ0n50RqK0Ak Please contact Yvonne Berry at PHONE or yberry joc.com.
Can you help me answer this question?			Greg: Can you help me answer this question?
Send me a bill.	I owe you big time.	I owe you big time.	Send me a bill.
look at this and verify that we have it set up properly.	Hey Guys,. We are still not pulling the Intra-Cand-West-Phy book into the benchmark.. I have talked to the systems administrator and he thinks it might be in how the book is set up in the system.. I have attached below a copy of the screen that shows how we have desigated the various codes for this book.	I have attached below a copy of the screen that shows how we have desigated the various codes for this book.	Please look at this and verify that we have it set up properly.
Please, send me more	Biliana,. I have prior commitments on Saturday, February the 5th.	I have prior commitments on Saturday, February the 5th.	Please, send me more information about the following Saturday.
Please review and add anything you want and return.	Kim:	Kim:	Please review and add anything you want and return.
Netscape Navigator, and please type or copy the URL	REMINDER. We have not yet received your feedback.. Your input is very valuable and to be included in the participant s summary report, it must be received NO LATER THAN CLOSE OF BUSINESS on Friday, October 6.. Without your feedback, the participant may not receive a summary report or be eligible to attend the program.. IMMEDIATE ACTION REQUIRED - Do Not Delete Executive Impact Influence Program. Dear Kenneth L. Lay,. As part of the Executive Impact and Influence Program, each participant is asked to gather input on the participant s own management styles and practices as experienced by their immediate manager, each direct report, and up to eight colleagues/peers.. You have been requested to provide feedback for a participant attending the next program.. Your input i.e., a Self assessment, if you are a participant in this program, Manager assessment, Direct Report assessment, or Colleague/Peer assessment will be combined with the input of others and used by the program participant to develop an action plan to improve his/her management styles and practices.. If you are providing feedback as a Manager of the participant, please note that your feedback will be identified in the summary report.. It is important that you complete this assessment NO LATER THAN CLOSE OF BUSINESS on Friday, October 6.. To begin the online administration process, you will need the following Internet address and Password s .. NOTE: If you are providing feedback for more than one person, each password and participant name is individually listed below.	NOTE: If you are providing feedback for more than one person, each password and participant name is individually listed below.	Open your Internet browser e.g., Internet Explorer or Netscape Navigator, and please type or copy the URL address below into your Internet browser please DO NOT go through Lotus Notes :
Would you please forward the current spreadsheet with exotics?	Sorry Beatrice,. I sent this to Greg and forgot to send it to you as well.. This is a preliminary file until I have the official NGI settle prices for Chicago City Gate and Socal.. Let me know it you have any questions.. Susan. Hi Susan,	Hi Susan,	Would you please forward the current spreadsheet with exotics?
intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us	No, if it is an approved customer that Enron would otherwise talk to over the phone.. We always have to be careful about assuming advisory/fiduciary duties, as would be the case in telephone communications.. I got your voice mail on the direct access issues; let s try to talk some time on Wednesday.. Thanks.. David:. Do you see any problems with a customer having the ability to chat with an Enron representative online?. Mark. This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential.	This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential.	If you are not the intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us immediately.
Please pass this to people you want to be	The man whispered, God speak to me and a meadowlark sang.. But the man did not hear.. So the man yelled God speak to me And the thunder rolled across the sky.. But the man did not listen.. The man looked around and said, God let me see you.. And a star shined brightly, but the man did not notice.. And the man shouted, God show me a miracle And a life was born.. But the man did not know.. So the man cried out in despair, Touch me God, and let me know you are here Whereupon, God reached down and touched the man.. But the man brushed the butterfly away and walked on.. Don t miss out on a blessing because it isn t packaged the way that you expect.. So many times we see miracles and do not recognize them for what they are.. My instructions were to send this to four or more people that I wanted God to bless and I picked you.	My instructions were to send this to four or more people that I wanted God to bless and I picked you.	Please pass this to people you want to be blessed.
Please delete the referenced meetings from your calendars.			Please delete the referenced meetings from your calendars.
Please send Jeff a note with any update once you have spoken to	Jay, Jeff received a call yesterday from a 2nd year HBS student and co-founder of a B2B commerce company - Franz Edward Alphonse - who wanted to speak to Jeff for the ever-popular 5 minutes about his company.. Jeff has asked that you follow up with this gentleman.. His phone number is PHONE .. Karen, I m copying you in the event you have any information on Mr. Alphonse - i.e., did he interview w/Enron and if so, how did he do .. Thanks, Jay.	Thanks, Jay.	Please send Jeff a note with any update once you have spoken to Franz.
Please review the attached.	Greetings:	Greetings:	Please review the attached.
Please include Michael Ratner for Rod s team as well.			Please include Michael Ratner for Rod s team as well.
Please review it and send me your comments.	Tana,. Attached please find customer list sent by EBS for bandwidth trading on EOL.	Attached please find customer list sent by EBS for bandwidth trading on EOL.	Please review it and send me your comments.
Could you give me a quick update please.	Tana:. This would be Alan s. Emerging Markets is handling metals.. Jeff. Jeff,. Would you handle this or would Alan, or both of you?. Hi Tana,. Our legal dept.. informed me that Houston would deal with inquiries reg.. Japan pls see e-mail below .	Japan pls see e-mail below .	Could you give me a quick update please.
Please update your morning sheet with new AN52 s.	I segmented the rest of our Tetco capacity this morning effective the 4th.	I segmented the rest of our Tetco capacity this morning effective the 4th.	Please update your morning sheet with new AN52 s.
Could you also mention/remind the group that now Samantha Boyd s name should	Tanya: Thank you for suggesting the group that we talked to today.. They all seemed to be at the same level and hopefully got something out of what we said today.. I mentioned to them that you have all of the latest LC and Guaranty forms and that you would be sending those around to them.. I will work on the form of confidentiality agreement and send that to you next week.. Before I go on maternity leave, I will send down to you a binder with hard copies of all of our forms, along with the User s Guides to the ISDA and CSA.. We are still putting the finishing touches on the ISDA and CSA Schedules.	We are still putting the finishing touches on the ISDA and CSA Schedules.	Could you also mention/remind the group that now Samantha Boyd s name should be added to all credit worksheets and Tana a name taken off and that all day to day matters should be handled through the 2 Susan s and Samantha, as Tana is off the day to day stuff and working primarily on special projects?
Before putting this draft to Legal and marketing, please review and give comments back.			Before putting this draft to Legal and marketing, please review and give comments back.
Please keep me in the loop.	To make sure that everyone is on the same page, my understanding is that Thane owns this issue from top to bottom - Thane needs to make the recommendation about moving forward or not.	To make sure that everyone is on the same page, my understanding is that Thane owns this issue from top to bottom - Thane needs to make the recommendation about moving forward or not.	Please keep me in the loop.
Please contact Gia Maisashvili  713-853-4346  or John Neslage  713-853-6827			Please contact Gia Maisashvili PHONE or John Neslage PHONE and let them know which working group you would like to participate in.
If so, please get an updated copy to them as	Please update my listing for direct reports.. Do you distribute a copy of this to my direct reports?	Do you distribute a copy of this to my direct reports?	If so, please get an updated copy to them as well.
Can you look at this list of words and let me know if there are any you			Michael, Can you look at this list of words and let me know if there are any you would like to add.
Please delete the last two sentences, this had some	Michael,. I have reviewed the attached agreement and offer the following comments.. 1.. Change the reference to Consenting Party to read as follows: Enron North America Corp. is a Delaware corporation having an office located at 1400 Smith St., Houston, Texas hereinafter referred to as Consenting Party. 2.. Paragraph No.. 5.	5.	Please delete the last two sentences, this had some applicability when the agreement was intended to be a partial assignment, however, once the assignment is completed, Assignee will be responsible for making its own nominations each day.
Laura/Frank - this is an important one for the team - please work together	Janet, between you, Laura and Frank/Gil you should be able to field a one Enron team on this one.. I am at your disposal otherwise.	I am at your disposal otherwise.	Laura/Frank - this is an important one for the team - please work together constructively.
Please change the ticket ...	On Beaumont Methanol, I made a mistake for the noms at the start of the month ..... For Feb 6 to 29 on ticket 93199, I entered 18,500/d .... and it should have been 18,000/d	For Feb 6 to 29 on ticket 93199, I entered 18,500/d .... and it should have been 18,000/d	Please change the ticket ...
PLEASE TAKE THE TIME TO READ THIS ONE......	Glad to hear this.. read the whole story, hopefully it is true.. PL. !. True or not, I can t say, but the thought itself is chilling.	True or not, I can t say, but the thought itself is chilling.	PLEASE TAKE THE TIME TO READ THIS ONE......
When you get the necessary approvals could you	John,. I ve received internal approval to participate.. I ll see what I can come up with for a bio.. Thanks,. Kay. Dear Kay, I was delighted to hear from John Keffer that, subject to receiving internal approvals, you would be joining us for our Roundtable discussion on Thursday.	Dear Kay, I was delighted to hear from John Keffer that, subject to receiving internal approvals, you would be joining us for our Roundtable discussion on Thursday.	When you get the necessary approvals could you please send me your bio so that we can make sure you get due credit in The Texas Lawyer?
Please print the attachment.			Please print the attachment.
Can you please set up a call to discuss the following?	Sarah --	Sarah --	Can you please set up a call to discuss the following?
Can you then arrange a suitable signature  Haedicke?	Richard:. The corporate workbook reflects that the officers of Enron Credit, Inc. all reside in the U.K.. I don t see anyone identified with a power of attorney for executing documents in Houston.. As there may be tax issues associated with U.K. officers signing in the U.K on behalf of a U.S. company, I am asking for verification from Janine.. My suggestion is that Enron Credit Ltd. negotiate and execute the agreement and include the usual affiliates, representatives, etc.. who may need to know any confidential information.. Your V.P.. s are all in London.. If Janelle confirms that it s alright for Brown, Sherriff or Seyfried to sign for Enron Credit, Inc. from London, then we can prepare the document and have a V.P.. sign and fax the agreement to the U.S. party.. At a minimum, though, we should try to work from our form of NDA.. Let me know if you have any questions.. Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas 770 PHONE phone PHONE fax sara.shackleton enron.com. It is not clear to me how we should handle this, what do you sugguest?. As a note, I will be out of the office on Friday.. Tana, I guess we need to change the Enron legal entity from Enron Corp?. In our current model the transacting entity will be Enron North America which is a Delaware corporation?	In our current model the transacting entity will be Enron North America which is a Delaware corporation?	Can you then arrange a suitable signature Haedicke?
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	William Simmons 1404 Point Crisp Rd Sarasota,, FL 34242 wsimm18284 aol.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Chris Bartle no thank you San Francisco, CA 94117 cpbartle aol.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please notice the updated format.			Please notice the updated format.
Please contact Steve Douglas in Tax prior to preparing your initial draft/contacting TXU.	David:. Mary has assigned the TXU master netting agreement to you.. We are in the process of gathering the documents and will pass them along to you.	We are in the process of gathering the documents and will pass them along to you.	Please contact Steve Douglas in Tax prior to preparing your initial draft/contacting TXU.
Daren or Stacey:  Could you please extend deal  169625 for meter 1520 for			Daren or Stacey: Could you please extend deal 169625 for meter 1520 for Feb. 2000?
give me a call.	Patrick,. I have attached the move request below.	I have attached the move request below.	If you have any questions, please give me a call.
Please register for one of the four one-hour sessions listed below.	please put on calendar.. Chinese Wall training of one hour has been scheduled on the dates listed below.. The training is mandatory and allows EWS to continue operating all its businesses including equity trading without violating the securities laws.	The training is mandatory and allows EWS to continue operating all its businesses including equity trading without violating the securities laws.	Please register for one of the four one-hour sessions listed below.
Please schedule for Monday			Please schedule for Monday
long, please just print out the other two.	Sorry, but could you please print these out for me?	Sorry, but could you please print these out for me?	If the eei.doc is too long, please just print out the other two.
SUSAN:  Please send Davis the ISDA boilerplate  no CSA .	1 The term Threshold Amount as used in Annex B refers to the threshold for cross default purposes under Section 5 a vi of the ISDA boilerplate by reference to outstanding loans obligations for the payment of money , i.e., Specified Indebtedness in Section 14 of the ISDA boilerplate .. Credit sets the threshold level and we input that number into the document.. 2 Susan Bailey will send you the ISDA Master Agreement boilerplate.. Her number is X34737.	Her number is X34737.	SUSAN: Please send Davis the ISDA boilerplate no CSA .
When you have time, please help provide feedback on the presentation.			When you have time, please help provide feedback on the presentation.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Camille Monahan 5141 Caspian Springs Drive 202 Las Vegas, NV 89120 cmonahan 99 yahoo.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Can you get this paid on a rush basis?			Ina: Can you get this paid on a rush basis?
Vince, please check  everything  for content and accuracy.	Good Afternoon!. Attached, please find the combined interview notes for the first draft of the article for the ENSIDE Newsletter.. Read and review your sections - they are divided by color.	Read and review your sections - they are divided by color.	Vince, please check everything for content and accuracy.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Robert Snare 117 Wichita Lane Williamsburg, VA 23188 bcsnare yahoo.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please notify us	I guess we know now that they weren t waiting on us, since they hadn t finished the GE docs.. Kay. Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 04/25/2001 06:45 AM. This e-mail is confidential and may well also be legally privileged.. If you have received it in error, you are on notice of its status.	If you have received it in error, you are on notice of its status.	Please notify us immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message from your system.
Please try to arrange your schedules to attend,	Morris and Elaine are responsible for this area of the ETS world and as such should be there and hopefully will know what this is about.. I have seen nothing on this proposal and probably will not be available, as I have a PRC on that date, out of the office.. Rod,. Are you attending this meeting with Morris and Elaine or just yourself?. Thanks,. Kim 68301. Rod Hayslett. FYI. A meeting concerning the above subject is schedule for 2pm with Stan Horton on Thursday, December 14th.	A meeting concerning the above subject is schedule for 2pm with Stan Horton on Thursday, December 14th.	Please try to arrange your schedules to attend, as Stan s schedule is not flexible.
Please get this information together and send to Robin Hill.	Jeff, I ve spoken to Robin Hill s office, EBS Legal and this is what we need to get the NDA shipped: 1 Legal entity name 2 Business Address 3 if possible, name and title of signatory party at IOS	Jeff, I ve spoken to Robin Hill s office, EBS Legal and this is what we need to get the NDA shipped: 1 Legal entity name 2 Business Address 3 if possible, name and title of signatory party at IOS	Please get this information together and send to Robin Hill.
process, please call the PEP Help Desk at the following numbers:	NOTE: YOU WILL RECEIVE THIS MESSAGE EACH TIME YOU ARE SELECTED AS A REVIEWER.. You have been selected to participate in the Mid-Year 2000 Performance Management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee s that have been identified for you.. Your feedback plays an important role in the performance management process, and your participation is very critical to the success of Enron s Performance Management goals.. Please provide feedback on the employee s listed below by accessing the Performance Management System PEP and completing an online feedback form as described in the Performance Management Quick Reference Guide .. You may begin your feedback input immediately.. Please have all feedback forms completed by the date noted below.	Please have all feedback forms completed by the date noted below.	If you have any questions regarding PEP or your responsibility in the process, please call the PEP Help Desk at the following numbers:
Please mention keycode  DEM001513 when registering	Strategic Research Institute Presents: 2ND ANNUAL FUELCELL INVESTOR A Unique Networking Opportunity To Talk Directly To CEOs Of Virtually All Publicly Traded FC Companies And Other Executives Whose Decisions Can Change The Future Of The Industry!. March 26 - 27, 2002 w The Roosevelt Hotel w New York, NY. The rapidly expanding fuel industry was recently given yet another boost, as the Bush administration last week abandoned a multi-billion dollar, eight-year project to develop high-mileage gasoline-fueled vehicles and instead is throwing its support behind a plan to develop hydrogen-based fuel cells to power the cars of the future.. With the highest possible level of speakers in the fuel cell industry, this summit offers unparallel networking potential.. Some major blue chip companies will be presenting, among them Air Products, Dupont, GE Equity, General Motors, Ford and Morgan Stanley.. This event will be a unique opportunity to hear from and talk directly to CEOs of virtually all publicly traded FC companies: Walter Chip Schroeder, Proton Energy; H. Frank Gibbard, H Power; Jerry D. Leitman, FuelCell Energy; Bill Acker, Mechanical Technology; Stephen S. Tang, Millennium Cell; Pierre Rivard, Hydrogenics; Robert K. Lifton, Medis Technology; John Donohue, DCH Technology, plus CFOs and Directors of several more fuel cell companies, including Plug Power, Ceramic Fuel Cells and many others.. REGISTER NOW!. Visit the conference web site: www.srinstitute.com/CR218 http://www.srinstitute.com/CR218. To register call PHONE toll free or PHONE , or e-mail to: info srinstitute.com mailto:info srinstitute.com. To discuss sponsorship opportunities e-mail to: mdupre srinstitute.com mailto:mdupre srinstitute.com. For more information contact: cdauer srinstitute.com mailto:cdauer srinstitute.com	For more information contact: cdauer srinstitute.com mailto:cdauer srinstitute.com	Please mention keycode DEM001513 when registering
could you please provide me with a name and contact for litigation counsel	My first choice is Carrin Patman or Bruce Oakley at Bracewell--Tel.. no PHONE .. My second choices are Ron Welch and Knox Nunnally at Vinson And Elkins PHONE .. Lastly, Barrett Reasoner at Gibbs and Bruns PHONE .. Of course if TransCanada is already a defendant, I might recommend different counsel depending on which judge they drew.. If Duane has any questions please have him call me at PHONE .. Richard, a friend of mine at TransCanada Energy is looking to retain Houston-based litigation counsel, and was wondering who we could recommend.. He assures me that the matter does not involve an Enron entity.	He assures me that the matter does not involve an Enron entity.	Accordingly, could you please provide me with a name and contact for litigation counsel you would recommend at V E, Bracewell Patterson, Andrews Kurth or otherwise?
view the presentation, please log onto DealBench using Microsoft Explorer.	The following is an update, including several additions to DealBench.. 1.. The Purchase and Sale Agreement PSA for each asset has now been posted to DealBench under the New Document section.. Please review the instructions attached to each PSA.. 2.. The Management Presentations with audio have now been posted to DealBench under the Management Presentations section.	The Management Presentations with audio have now been posted to DealBench under the Management Presentations section.	When attempting to view the presentation, please log onto DealBench using Microsoft Explorer.
Please go into the DataManager and indicate your approval.	You will see those components when we build a complete product.. What you have reviewed is simply the PRODUCT TYPE description.. You and I will review a complete PRODUCT description once one is created.. Dale. II have tried to approve this through the Data Manager - not sure if it worked.. I know we must have been through this any number of times before but each time I read one of these I wonder how we are supposed to figure out the Notional Quantity.. It says calculated from the volume submitted by Counterparty on the website but how do we know how to calculate it?. Where does it say whether that number is a daily or monthly number?. Gallons or Barrels?. I remain confused.. Thanks, Bjorn,	Thanks, Bjorn,	Please go into the DataManager and indicate your approval.
Call me ASAP please.			Call me ASAP please.
Hi Kate,  Can you help me determine which traders in Portland are associated			Hi Kate, Can you help me determine which traders in Portland are associated with each area list below under West Power?
Can you make sure that someone	I forwarded a guy down to Credit on 5/9/01 from the referenced counterparty who wanted to get an ISDA in place with us.. I told him he would have to speak to our Credit Dept.. first, and from the tone of his voicemail it doesn t sound like he s heard from anyone.	first, and from the tone of his voicemail it doesn t sound like he s heard from anyone.	Can you make sure that someone calls him so he doesn t call me again.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Jocelyn Limpert PO Box 53492 Washington, DC 20009 limpert ncqa.org. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please respond to Ilan with the	Mark Walker,. I have not heard anything from Germany.	I have not heard anything from Germany.	Please respond to Ilan with the update.
Please verify that the information is accurate since the original template must have  generated from	Attached is the tpa file , apparently the Standard GISB tpa was modified by our legal department and this is what my group has been using ever since.. I was given this file when I started here in January of this year.	I was given this file when I started here in January of this year.	Please verify that the information is accurate since the original template must have generated from legal and passed on to Gary Payne.
Please include me on the volunteer e-mail list.			Please include me on the volunteer e-mail list.
Could you verify if this is correct?	Gary,. Do you have any record of this?. D. Daren - was there a deal for 5.000 at CP L on Feb. 21?. CP L shows 5.000, but I have looked in MOPS and there is not a deal.. Can you verify whether or not there was a deal for that day?. Thanks.. Aimee. Forwarded by Aimee Lannou/HOU/ECT on 03/20/2001 01:39 PM. Aimee,. I received a call from CP L about the February 2001 production invoice.. They are showing 5,000 mmbtu on February 21 for HPL.. We are not showing anything for HPL on that day.	We are not showing anything for HPL on that day.	Could you verify if this is correct?
Can you set up mids for the following locations please:			Can you set up mids for the following locations please: APLP - Intramonth curve - Alliance, GD curve GDP-Alliance NIPS - intramonth curve- NGI/CHI./NIPSCO, GD Curve GDC-CHI./NIPSCO Thanks.
Tana, please look at that list as soon as you can.			Tana, please look at that list as soon as you can.
Please respond to wsx wsx.wsex.com	still have not received credit for funds wired 11/16.. Please advise.	Please advise.	World Sports Exchange wsx wsex.com on 10/19/2000 06:15:50 AM Please respond to wsx wsx.wsex.com To: jarnold ect.enron.com cc: Subject: Re: no subject
can you take care of this...			can you take care of this...
please contact Jennifer Burns at X-39440.	As indicated in the message Thursday from Cathy Phillips, please send the 20 following message to all groups within Enron Wholesale Services this 20 evening.. Also, as requested, please use the Enron Global Markets - Office of 20 the Chairman letterhead and send the proof before final distribution.. Plea se 20 send the final proof as quickly as possible.	Plea se 20 send the final proof as quickly as possible.	If you have any questions, 20 please contact Jennifer Burns at X-39440.
process, please call the PEP Help Desk at the following numbers:	NOTE: YOU WILL RECEIVE THIS MESSAGE EACH TIME YOU ARE SELECTED AS A REVIEWER.. You have been selected to participate in the Mid-Year 2000 Performance Management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee s that have been identified for you.. Your feedback plays an important role in the performance management process, and your participation is very critical to the success of Enron s Performance Management goals.. Please provide feedback on the employee s listed below by accessing the Performance Management System PEP and completing an online feedback form as described in the Performance Management Quick Reference Guide .. You may begin your feedback input immediately.. Please have all feedback forms completed by the date noted below.	Please have all feedback forms completed by the date noted below.	If you have any questions regarding PEP or your responsibility in the process, please call the PEP Help Desk at the following numbers:
Can you arrange it?	I would like to go to this meeting.	I would like to go to this meeting.	Can you arrange it?
Could you please extend the deal from Dec.  deal	Daren - meter 1517 has a nom of 0/day for Jan.. It flowed about 5.400 on day 1.. This is a valid flow.	This is a valid flow.	Could you please extend the deal from Dec. deal 506192 or create a new one?
headed this way, please do give me a shout, we will have to get together and	Yeah man, tell me about that crazy night before.. You know us married guys have to live vicariously through our single friends.	You know us married guys have to live vicariously through our single friends.	Next time you are headed this way, please do give me a shout, we will have to get together and catch up.
you could send it to me as soon as you can.	Hey John:. I need to get an updated notional price for Iroquois.	I need to get an updated notional price for Iroquois.	We are sending an updated proposal to the customer next week so I will really appreciate it if you could send it to me as soon as you can.
Could everyone please look at the attachment and let me know whether	All. Following the meeting this morning I have typed up some notes and associated actions.	Following the meeting this morning I have typed up some notes and associated actions.	Could everyone please look at the attachment and let me know whether I have understood the requirements correctly, and also who is going to action each point, either the project team or the legal department.
Please  evaluate Andy Edison.			Please evaluate Andy Edison.
Robert, please fax a copy of the letter from Jimmie Smith and the CES tax	Raquel, Robert Tilotta has the original tax bill and he is in your office.. His number is PHONE .. Please call him at your convience.. Robert, can the tax agency provide us with support contract numbers, inventory balances... ?. Thanks. Forwarded by Chris Germany/HOU/ECT on 01/05/2001 08:34 AM. Chris; Send this bill to Raquel Magana at 600 Jefferson.. She will forward it onto Ronnie Shields in our Conn. office for payment.. Ronnie; Please have someone look at the CES purchase agreement to see how these should be handled.. I would assume that at a minimum, they would pay, 7/12ths of the bill since the deal was consummated on July 31.. There may be provisions where they bear all the taxes.. I have a tax bill to Columbia Energy Services in the amount of 5,606.78 for gas stored at the Bear Creek Storage facility.. The amount is 5,606.78 and it is for the the 2000 tax year.. I was notified about this yesterday and I think it was due on 12/31/2000.. How do you want to handle this?. I was going to pay it and bill New Power for the whole amount.. I will also have our tax department fax a copy to Jeff.	I will also have our tax department fax a copy to Jeff.	Robert, please fax a copy of the letter from Jimmie Smith and the CES tax bill to Jeff Porter at PHONE .
Please page him  at 888 766 4103 or by cell 713 851 8285.	Team,Eric is in the San Ramon this week and will be there throughout the week.. He returns back to Houston on Friday the 9th but will not in IAH office - flys back to San Ramon on Sunday the 11th through the 15th.. Will be in office in Houston on Friday the 16th.. Returns to San Ramon on Sunday the 18th and back in Houston on Friday the 23rd.. but not in IAH office	but not in IAH office	Please page him at PHONE or by cell PHONE .
Can you send revisions.	Here s the correspondence between Evelyn in the Houston Confirms group and Paul Callahan at Bloomberg outlining the broker s new 15-per-trade fee.. Please let me know if you have questions or would like me to talk to someone at Bloomberg about this.. I ll also check with Tim to find out if the fee change was ever negotiated with Enron.. Thanks, Kate. Kate for our deal 582589 and 582423 these deals according to Bloomberg the fee should be 15.00.. Please pass on to Mark and Tom.. Thanks!. That is the commission for those trades.. The rate that Bloomberg Powermatch now charges for cash trades is 15 per trade.. Original Message. For the two deals traded on yesterday with Tom and Mark the fee is showing as 15.00 flat on both confirmations.	For the two deals traded on yesterday with Tom and Mark the fee is showing as 15.00 flat on both confirmations.	Can you send revisions.
Would you please follow up?	Angela: I just received this email from Carol.. Do you know about this?. It s the first I ve seen unless it s related to something that Mary is working on .	It s the first I ve seen unless it s related to something that Mary is working on .	Would you please follow up?
URGENT NOTIFICATION - PLEASE SUBMIT HOUR AHEAD			URGENT NOTIFICATION - PLEASE SUBMIT HOUR AHEAD SCHEDULES FOR HE 11-13 PRIOR TO 0900 TOMORROW, JANUARY 09, 2002 as we will be performing upgrades to our servers.
Yes, please forward me a copy of that amendment.			Yes, please forward me a copy of that amendment.
Please contact Yvonne Berry at  541  485-0053 or	JoC Online Daily E-mail Newsletter Friday Edition November 23, 2001 www.joc.com Liberation Day Montserrat. Take the Daily Quiz, sponsored by APL.. How many major seas are in the Atlantic Ocean?. Click on. http://news.joc.com/cgi-bin7/flo?y eD4V0BejkZ0n50PuU0A7. TODAY S TOP HEADLINES:. MOL net gains in first half Interpool, Maher in chassis pool Hapag-Lloyd launches 7,500-TEU ship Montreal box traffic slips Alitalia to cut routes, jobs Descartes loss widens Strikers block Marseilles terminals Singapore shipyards end merger talks Hutchison gets Indonesia port project Lufthansa Cargo adds express services Lykes Lines offers online bill of lading Lan Chile takes stake in Brazil cargo line JoC Week: Crossroads for NIT League. WE VE GOT YOUR COMPETITORS!. They re attending the 6th annual Bulk Transportation Conference Exhibition on December 3 4, 2001.. Don t let them horde all this knowledge and networking for themselves.. Sponsorship opportunities still available.	Sponsorship opportunities still available.	www.joc.com/conferences Please contact Yvonne Berry at PHONE or yberry joc.com.
A comprehensive last look by all would be appreciated - please login to the	All,. We are intending to launch the EnronOnline Auctions site tonight Houston time .. The site is in near-final form and can be seen at testweb1.eoltest.com.. You will need a User ID for the test database to see this site.	You will need a User ID for the test database to see this site.	A comprehensive last look by all would be appreciated - please login to the site and let me know if you have any issues.
Please add a lotus notes entry for this	Stephanie, 20. Keegan is going to forward to you some documents sent by ISI.. The document s ae part of a prime broker agreement that ENA has to have in place with Be ar so that ISI can clear the trades.. The attached agreement is a boiler pl ate vanilla agreement.. Please check the files and Lotus Notes to determine whether ENA has an executed agreement for the account number noted on the documents.. Also, please clarify the matter one way or the other with ISI a nd Bear by calling, among others, the names listed on the top of the agreem etn.. These are the folks at Bear that ISI is dealing with, and who say tha t they have no record of an agreement.. I would think we already have an ag reement and if not, we do not want to sue the boilerplate -- we would at le ast use an edited version of the agreement I have on file which we have suc cessfully negotiated with other parties.. If you have any questions please let me know.. Please also update lotus notes to reflect what you find.. A while back, Bear goofed when John Galloti got confused and sent us a copy o f an executing agreement or boilerplate -- please note that we want to send to ISI a copy of a prime broker agreement between ENA and Bear .. 20. Also, Keegan or I will forward to you today or tomorrow the agreement that I have just negotiated with CFSB.	Also, Keegan or I will forward to you today or tomorrow the agreement that I have just negotiated with CFSB.	Please add a lotus notes entry for this clearing agreemetn.
Please take a moment to click on the link below for an invitation from APB			Please take a moment to click on the link below for an invitation from APB and True Quote.
Let s send out this in the morning  if possible .			Let s send out this in the morning if possible .
send your answers back to me when completed.	Ben -. My recommended response to 1 is in Blue.. To all, please review and verify you concur.. Gus, can you answer the others?. Mitch. Guys: Here are some more questions regarding the Caledonia and Brownsville plants.. Your assistance with these questions would be greatly appreciated.	Your assistance with these questions would be greatly appreciated.	Please send your answers back to me when completed.
Please review the attached Statement Of Work of the new gas system project and provide me with your comments by next Friday, 10/12/01.	Louise and Geoff,	Louise and Geoff,	Please review the attached Statement Of Work of the new gas system project and provide me with your comments by next Friday, 10/12/01.
Patti - Could you please arrange for me to have the use of a desk for this	Sally - Thanks.. I will bring some pictures with me when I come to Houston !. I have arranged to come over from the 14th to the 20th of March inclusive to cover a number of things including some doorstep work.. Will you have an hour to see me sometime over this period ?	Will you have an hour to see me sometime over this period ?	Patti - Could you please arrange for me to have the use of a desk for this period ?
give me a call when you have a chance.	hi omar-. i called your cell.. here are my phone numbers:. home PHONE work PHONE cell PHONE	home PHONE work PHONE cell PHONE	give me a call when you have a chance.
Please email to me the latest draft of the ISDA Schedule/Paragraph 13 so that	Rose:	Rose:	Please email to me the latest draft of the ISDA Schedule/Paragraph 13 so that we can comment.
Could you send me your fax number.	Mark,. following our conversation, I will fax you consolidated feedback on Marcus Von Bock.	following our conversation, I will fax you consolidated feedback on Marcus Von Bock.	Could you send me your fax number.
Please contact the ISC Call Center at  713  345-4727.	Please do not reply to this e-mail.. You are receiving this message because you have an unresolved invoice in your iPayit in-box that is past due.. Please login to iPayit and resolve this invoice as soon as possible.. To launch iPayit, click on the link below: http://iPayit.enron.com Note: Your iPayit User ID and Password are your eHRonline/SAP Personnel ID and Password.. First time iPayit user?. For training materials, click on the link below: http://sap.enron.com/sap doclib/user/file list.asp?cabinet id 265. Need help?	Need help?	Please contact the ISC Call Center at PHONE .
Can you send me some other copies?	Hi, Una:	Hi, Una:	Can you send me some other copies?
also can you check on this one	PHONE PHONE . i talked to you about these trades a couple of weeks ago.. the backoffice of the broker got back to me on these deals and said there should be a fee.. can you pls talk to the trader on these deals.. thanks	thanks	also can you check on this one 469388, broker has .0075
Please forward me your credit card number s  and any relevant frequent traveller information so that we can set up a profile.			Holden, Please forward me your credit card number s and any relevant frequent traveller information so that we can set up a profile.
Please include the delivery address.	For your information.. If you require a paper copy of this filing, please respond to this e-mail.	If you require a paper copy of this filing, please respond to this e-mail.	Please include the delivery address.
In particular, please take a look at the following paragraphs:	Mary:. Attached is the latest draft from Chase.	Attached is the latest draft from Chase.	In particular, please take a look at the following paragraphs:
please enter into Sitara	Just sold some same day today!. gas to Equistar meter 1553 .... whatever flows there on this gas day will be priced 4.40 ...	gas to Equistar meter 1553 .... whatever flows there on this gas day will be priced 4.40 ...	please enter into Sitara
please send this info to Rob Benson as well			please send this info to Rob Benson as well
Could you give him latest?	Jim - at Vicki s meeting today, there was general discussion on risks and issues surrounding EES new product.. Marcus prepared info below for the group.. There may be a meeting in next couple of days about commercial, legal and regulatory issues with Dave Delainey.. I drafted up these omments on regulatory issues - see attached.. -. Jeff - Jeremy Blachman said he d like to hear more on the status of core/non-core negotiation.. I said it was part of SCE negotiation; one camp wants to attach past utility costs to departing customers; large customers want switchback option; likely there will be some compromise on these issues.	I said it was part of SCE negotiation; one camp wants to attach past utility costs to departing customers; large customers want switchback option; likely there will be some compromise on these issues.	Could you give him latest?
Please plan to arrive at the airport two hours prior to scheduled departure for domestic flights and three hours prior to scheduled departure for international flights.	Dear Kimberly Ward, Welcome to the latest edition of AAIRMAIL, the American Airlines e-mail newsletter that s targeted to your interests.. We ve included product information, service announcements and AADVANTAGE mileage offers that match your travel preferences and delivered them directly to you.. Remember to update your profile on AA.com to ensure you receive the most targeted information from AAIRMAIL.. It s all news from American Airlines - personalized just for you!. For additional information about American Airlines, visit AA.com by clicking: http://www.aa.com IN THIS ISSUE NewscAAst The Latest Update For Travelers - Travel Information Center Additional Cockpit Security Carry-On Baggage Requirements NETSAAVER AND SPECIAL OFFERS Save Up To 10,000 Miles On AADVANTAGE Award Travel Getting Back To Business With Low Fares Earn More Miles With AADVANTAGE Earn Double Miles Systemwide Airline Service News Get Your Boarding Pass At The Curb Connecting Gate Information Available On Cabin Video Monitors - - - NEWSCAAST The Latest Update For Travelers - Travel Information Center. With AA.com Travel Information Center, you will find all the travel information you need before you leave home.. Find out about starting your trip, checking bags, documents you need, international travel, and changes at the airport.. For example, remember to allow more time for check-in, security screening, and boarding.	For example, remember to allow more time for check-in, security screening, and boarding.	Please plan to arrive at the airport two hours prior to scheduled departure for domestic flights and three hours prior to scheduled departure for international flights.
Please respond to Einat Sandman  Einat.Sandman Sun.COM			Einat Sandman Einat.Sandman Sun.COM on 05/15/2001 11:10:20 AM Please respond to Einat Sandman Einat.Sandman Sun.COM To: kdenne enron.com cc:
Please come by my desk when you get the chance.	The scanner is not working.	The scanner is not working.	Please come by my desk when you get the chance.
Can you forward my response to Margaret to her.	Oops.	Oops.	Can you forward my response to Margaret to her.
oon,  Charlie Jackson  P.S. Please forward this email to your friends and			Take advantage of this special offer to get a BlackBerryTM for only 199!
Could you please have one of your book admin s send Marc Janichen the Brent	John,	John,	Could you please have one of your book admin s send Marc Janichen the Brent curve from last night for the dates referenced below.
Can you add basis deals	It looks like Waha is on their but Permian is not.	It looks like Waha is on their but Permian is not.	Can you add basis deals at Permian I think IF-ELPO/Permian .
Please send them to me	Finally we re forging ahead.. We plan on publishing our much-delayed and much-changed Aspen special issue in two weeks.. We re really excited.. We re focusing now on the issue of globalization in the post-September 11 world.. All of your contributions in Aspen aided us immensely.. The issue is going to be an unusual print-online package.. In addition to articles in the magazine that relate in various ways to the Aspen meeting, we will be posting significant additional material online.. For those of you who answered our three questions prior to the meeting, we will be publishing all of those--in full--on Fortune.com.. But we also want to hear from you about how your views have changed since August.. We d like you to answer the same three questions again now, assuming your answers would now be different.. Or you can simply send us a statement about how your comments remain reflective of your views, or how and why you think something else matters more.. Our three questions were: 1 Once upon a time we committed ourselves to putting a man on the moon.. What kind of similar commitment should we make now?. What s the moon shot of the 21st century?. 2 As the world heads down its current path, what should we fear most?. 3 What issue or issues will most define our future?. We need your replies by November 8 at the latest.	We need your replies by November 8 at the latest.	Please send them to me and to jbensko Fortune.com.
To subscribe to the list by email, send a blank message to:	/- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Do you know what?s on your credit report?. Find out with a FREE Equifax credit report FREE CreditCheck Monitoring Service trial!. Plus, get valuable tools and tips for improving your credit rating.. Try it FREE today!. http://by.advertising.com/1/c/62072/28678/157500/157500. a href http://by.advertising.com/1/c/62072/28678/157500/157500 AOL users click here - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -/. Word of the Day for Thursday March 7, 2002:. malediction mal-uh-DIK-shun , noun: A curse or execration.. There Justice Minister Bola Ige, confronted with the general incivility of local police, placed a malediction on the cads.. Said the Hon.. Bola Ige, I pray that God will make big holes in their pockets.. -- Sic Semper Tyrannis!. Oppressors Face People s Justice, American Spectator, May 1, 2001. A conspiracy of infamy so black that, when it is finally exposed, its principals shall be forever deserving of the maledictions of all honest men.. --Joseph McCarthy, quoted in 1 Venona: Decoding Soviet Espionage in America, by Harvey Klehr and John Earl Haynes. Malediction comes from Latin maledictio, from maledicere, to speak ill, to abuse, from Latin male, badly dicere, to speak, to say.. References. 1. http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/ PHONE /ref 3Dnosim/lexico. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. You are currently subscribed to Dictionary.com Word of the Day as: matt.motley enron.com	You are currently subscribed to Dictionary.com Word of the Day as: matt.motley enron.com	To subscribe to the list by email, send a blank message to: join-WordoftheDay lists.lexico.com
Please call me with any	Deal NN6788.1 with Citibank has been killed.. This was an EOL deal that Citibank and John Arnold agreed to cut in half.. Deal QF9221.1 was booked in Dec. for half the volume of the original deal.. Unfortunately, deal NN6788.1 was not killed when we booked the new deal.	Unfortunately, deal NN6788.1 was not killed when we booked the new deal.	Please call me with any questions.
Please prepare a closing list.	Sorry about the serial emails.. I need electronic versions of the final acknowledgement letters for both ABB and GE, so that these can be emailed to them.	I need electronic versions of the final acknowledgement letters for both ABB and GE, so that these can be emailed to them.	Please prepare a closing list.
Please forward on to the credit person	J -. This is some more info from willis - Thanks for looking into this.. By the way - we lost the Calpeak deal.. K.. All the granite Constructions are under the Corporate publicly traded GVA ITWCIP is a division of the company ITW Golden State Vineyards - is traded under VINT Canadaigua facilities are under the symbol STZ at www.cwine.com Lindberg Cal doran is at www.lindberght.com Mitsubishi is owned be three different Mitsubishi divisions	All the granite Constructions are under the Corporate publicly traded GVA ITWCIP is a division of the company ITW Golden State Vineyards - is traded under VINT Canadaigua facilities are under the symbol STZ at www.cwine.com Lindberg Cal doran is at www.lindberght.com Mitsubishi is owned be three different Mitsubishi divisions	Please forward on to the credit person
Please review and let me know.	Susan, Attached is the supplement to the gas letter which increases the amount of gas TW delivers to the LLC.	Susan, Attached is the supplement to the gas letter which increases the amount of gas TW delivers to the LLC.	Please review and let me know.
SCE s General Office is a secured building so please RSVP to Sylvia Flores	Market Participants,. Just a reminder of the meeting in a few weeks.. Location: SCE General Office Conference Room A 2244 Walnut Grove Avenue Rosemead, CA 91770. The agenda is attached and is also posted at the following location:. http://www.caiso.com/docs/2001/05/11/ PHONE PHONE .pdf	http://www.caiso.com/docs/2001/05/11/ PHONE PHONE .pdf	SCE s General Office is a secured building so please RSVP to Sylvia Flores at floressm sce.com or PHONE to be placed on the clearance list.
Could you forward this to Palmer ... for some reason my address book doesn t	Attached are some late night thoughts on the portal.. Most of this is focussed on the portal for opinion leaders, but some of it could be applicable to the comemrcial portal as well.	Most of this is focussed on the portal for opinion leaders, but some of it could be applicable to the comemrcial portal as well.	Could you forward this to Palmer ... for some reason my address book doesn t pull him up when I m off the system.
Please remove my name from future mailings.			Please remove my name from future mailings.
Also, will you cc Jim Little in Gas Accounting so he can initiate processes	West is done.. DG. Hey ya ll,. Please reply when your last day file is complete and don t forget to provide me with your Economics Detail and Summary Level Reports.	Please reply when your last day file is complete and don t forget to provide me with your Economics Detail and Summary Level Reports.	Also, will you cc Jim Little in Gas Accounting so he can initiate processes in his group.
Please review and let me know	Attached are my comments to the TBI proposal.	Attached are my comments to the TBI proposal.	Please review and let me know if you have any comments.
copy, use or disclose this communication to others; also please notify the	A little light reading.. Another will follow.. Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 06/13/2000 09:08 AM. This message and any attachments are intended for the individual or entity named above.	This message and any attachments are intended for the individual or entity named above.	If you are not the intended recipient, please do not read, copy, use or disclose this communication to others; also please notify the sender by replying to this message, and then delete it from your system.
Please review these with Bob and let s	Dan -. Attached is a form of the BETA agreement for TFS.. You will note that I have made some revisions to the agreement.	You will note that I have made some revisions to the agreement.	Please review these with Bob and let s discuss if necessary.
process, please call the PEP Help Desk at the following numbers:	NOTE: YOU WILL RECEIVE THIS MESSAGE EACH TIME YOU ARE SELECTED AS A REVIEWER.. PLEASE NOTE THAT THERE IS ONLY THREE DAYS REMAINING TO COMPLETE FEEDBACK IN THE SYSTEM. You have been selected to participate in the Mid-Year 2000 Performance Management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee s that have been identified for you.. Your feedback plays an important role in the performance management process, and your participation is very critical to the success of Enron s Performance Management goals.. Please provide feedback on the employee s listed below by accessing the Performance Management System PEP and completing an online feedback form as described in the Performance Management Quick Reference Guide .. You may begin your feedback input immediately.. Please have all feedback forms completed by the date noted below.	Please have all feedback forms completed by the date noted below.	If you have any questions regarding PEP or your responsibility in the process, please call the PEP Help Desk at the following numbers:
Please reply to this message with either a corresponding  1  or a  2  in the subject field.	We are in the process of confirming that all traders are set up correctly and ready to trade when the system goes live.. We need to make sure that your Stack Managers are accessing the correct database.. In order to do this, we need to know how you access Stack Manager:. 1 Through Terminal Server the one that opens up a desktop within a desktop and it actually appears that you have two Start buttons .. or 2 By opening the Stack Manager directly from your native desktop.	or 2 By opening the Stack Manager directly from your native desktop.	Please reply to this message with either a corresponding 1 or a 2 in the subject field.
Please log in with your email and password.	Dear Tracy,. Enjoy great savings on your next Continental Airlines Vacation with these Special Deals!. SAVE UP TO 60 ON YOUR FAVORITE DESTINATIONS!. Experience some of the most popular destinations at a fraction of the cost.. http://lists.coolvacations.com/UM/T.ASP?A41.53.6.1.tracy Pgeaccone Denron Pcom. 5,000 FREE ONEPASS BONUS MILES Book a ski package for 5 nights or longer and you can earn 5,000 FREE OnePass Bonus Miles on Continental Airlines.. http://lists.coolvacations.com/UM/T.ASP?A41.53.6.2.tracy Pgeaccone Denron Pcom. SKI - 100 EARLY SKI SEASON BOOKING DISCOUNT Save 100 when you book 5 nights or more at any ski resort in Utah, Colorado, Lake Tahoe or Western Canada!. http://lists.coolvacations.com/UM/T.ASP?A41.53.6.3.tracy Pgeaccone Denron Pcom. SAVE UP TO 50 WHEN YOU BOOK ONLINE!. Book a vacation package ONLINE to your favorite destination and save up to 50!. http://lists.coolvacations.com/UM/T.ASP?A41.53.6.4.tracy Pgeaccone Denron Pcom. Take advantage of this ONLINE Booking bonus and plan a trip to LA JOLLA DE MISMALOYA in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico!. The only resort located on legendary Mismaloya Bay and the only All Suite Resort in Puerto Vallarta with a First Class rating.. http://lists.coolvacations.com/UM/T.ASP?A41.53.6.5.tracy Pgeaccone Denron Pcom. A World of Choices Awaits You!. Julie Your Internet Travel Guru. P.S.. Have your travel preferences changed?. Update your travel profile now by clicking here!. Please be sure to include your OnePass Number. http://lists.coolvacations.com/UM/T.ASP?A41.53.6.6.tracy Pgeaccone Denron Pcom. This is a post-only mailing.. PLEASE DO NOT ATTEMPT TO RESPOND TO THIS MESSAGE.. UNSUBSCRIBE. To unsubscribe from the list, please click on this link to your Travel Profile: http://lists.coolvacations.com/UM/T.ASP?A41.53.6.6.tracy Pgeaccone Denron Pcom	To unsubscribe from the list, please click on this link to your Travel Profile: http://lists.coolvacations.com/UM/T.ASP?A41.53.6.6.tracy Pgeaccone Denron Pcom	Please log in with your email and password.
Please change deal nos. 497905 and 498198 to Los Angelese Department of Water			These have been changed, and I sent an e-mail to our Real Time desk to remind them, once again, of the correct counterparty name.
So....Can you cover me for one night next week?			So....Can you cover me for one night next week?
Samantha:  Please assign Credit Suisse and Deutsche Bank and let me know who	Tanya: Based upon our earlier conversation, I will begin preparing masters for the following parties with 1 no CSA, 2 bilateral cross-default at US 100 million and 3 uncapped or min US 100 million cap guaranties for counterparties required to post guaranties.. The parties on Clint s list are:. 1 Lehman Brothers Finance S.A. have form of master and a form of guaranty from Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. - Stephanie Panus. 2 Credit Suisse First Boston International no form of master. 3 Deutsche Bank have a form of master from ENA negotiations. 4 Bear Stearns International Limited no form of master - Samantha Boyd. 5 Morgan Stanley Capital Services Inc. may develop form from ENA negotiations. 6 Credit Agricole Indosuez. Tanya: Please let me know if any of the foregoing require parent guaranties.. Clint: Please identify the lawyer to whom I should address comments.. Also, are there any others?. ENE has an agreement with Toronto Dominion, NY Branch.	ENE has an agreement with Toronto Dominion, NY Branch.	Samantha: Please assign Credit Suisse and Deutsche Bank and let me know who is handling.
give me a ring when you can.	sure i do.	sure i do.	give me a ring when you can.
Can you pls cast  your eye over the	Hi Vince, ?. As always, it was good to see you again in Houston - we all enjoyed the meal very much, the restaurant was a good choice.. ?. It s that time again I m afraid.	It s that time again I m afraid.	Can you pls cast your eye over the attached?and, if at all possible, get back to me in the next few days - I have to deliver something to London by Friday.
can you please email me or tell me  on a daily basis  when you re done with cash apps for jedi II so i can send and update midas rollforward.	dana,	dana,	can you please email me or tell me on a daily basis when you re done with cash apps for jedi II so i can send and update midas rollforward.
Please forward the information to Gerald as well.	Troy, can you call Jill Mearz with TIE and get the same contract information for Gerald.	Troy, can you call Jill Mearz with TIE and get the same contract information for Gerald.	Please forward the information to Gerald as well.
Could you please set the ball rolling on	Mark,. Looks like we will be adding Japan to the list of countries in which Customers will be able to transact.	Looks like we will be adding Japan to the list of countries in which Customers will be able to transact.	Could you please set the ball rolling on the drafting of a new PA and ETA?
Please call me with any questions.	Attached is the EWS Tax Group s analysis of California Assembly Bill No.. 128 - the proposed excise tax on energy marketer s gross receipts on the sale of electricity in excess of a predetermined amount initially set at 60/megawatt .	128 - the proposed excise tax on energy marketer s gross receipts on the sale of electricity in excess of a predetermined amount initially set at 60/megawatt .	Please call me with any questions.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Stanley Makovsky 3 Littleton Road Westford, MA 01886 sleemak aol.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Yes, please send the confirm			Yes, please send the confirm
Would you take a job  without	IMAGE 20 Don t Just Hire People.... Define a path for success.. If you want to hire superior people, first define superior performance!. It s better t o focus on what a person needs to DO, rather than what a person needs to H AVE.. Most job descriptions are not much more than lists of skills, duties, responsibilities and required experience.. At best, they define basic comp etency.. If you want to hire superior people, you have to define superior p erformance.. Once you have done this, you have moved much closer to a succe ssful hire.. If you want to motivate the best to work with you, you must show them a CLEARLY DEFINED path to success.	If you want to motivate the best to work with you, you must show them a CLEARLY DEFINED path to success.	Would you take a job without first knowing what the job is and what needs to get done?
Could you please extend the deal or have a new one	I rolled this deal for day one in October only.. Bob - Please check with Vance on this deal.. Has it terminated or should it roll for October.. I don t think that Vance nom d anything.. D. Daren - Meter 9707 has flow for Oct. 1 1.459mmbtu .. Deal 125786 was used for Sept. 2000.	Deal 125786 was used for Sept. 2000.	Could you please extend the deal or have a new one created?
Please allow approx. 1 hour for the change to replicate to all			FYI --
Send me your fax no.			Send me your fax no.
In the future, please send these requests via e-mail addressed both to Jeff	Jan Linda,. In response to messages from both of you re: Jeff Dasovich s availability for a conference call w/Jim and Bob 2:30 PDT/4:30 central, Jeff tells me he is not available.	In response to messages from both of you re: Jeff Dasovich s availability for a conference call w/Jim and Bob 2:30 PDT/4:30 central, Jeff tells me he is not available.	In the future, please send these requests via e-mail addressed both to Jeff and myself so that we don t duplicate effort?
Please make every effort to power down all of your PC s and monitors when you leave for the day.	This will not affect critical systems computer room, phones, or the Real Time Group , as they are on both UPS and Generator.. It will affect many of the non - critical computers and office machines on the 3rd and 4th floors of Enron.	It will affect many of the non - critical computers and office machines on the 3rd and 4th floors of Enron.	Please make every effort to power down all of your PC s and monitors when you leave for the day.
look at your logs and let me know the MW value, price, and who you spoke to	Dear Real-Timers,. We are having the same problem with Montana Power s checkout as we had last month: the volume of disputes is overwhelming!. !. I have looked at the Inc sheets and found that EnPower matches the Inc. sheets.. But in fairness to MPC s disputes, last month when I trusted the Inc sheets, and I pulled the tapes, I found that our Inc. sheets were wrong in a number of places.. Mike and I are doing the March 2001 checkout and are having trouble finding your logs, your notebooks, or any information regarding the dates in question.. I am listing below the dates and HE that we are having disputes for.	I am listing below the dates and HE that we are having disputes for.	Please look at your logs and let me know the MW value, price, and who you spoke to at MPC at what time.
Please RSVP by noon Monday, March 6 to Gracie Presas at ext. 3-3985.			You are cordially invited to attend
Please remove me from this list.?			Please remove me from this list.?
Please mention you will	Donna,. Jeff Shankman will join me for the kickoff.. We would like to invite the students and faculty members to dinner, following the presentation.. Any recommendations regarding the restaurant?. Vince. Tiger Team Hosts, Faculty, Students and Teaching Assistants:. This is to confirm the date, time and location for the upcoming Tiger Team Kick-Off.. The Enron project date will be Wed., Dec 6 at VH 210 from 3:00-5:00pm.. The purpose of the Kick-Off Meeting is for the teams, faculty, TA s and hosts to meet, learn more about the hosting organization and to further discuss the project.. For hosts who may need a campus map, please see http://www.upenn.edu/fm/map.html From the 30th Street train station, it is a quick taxi ride to Spruce St and 37th St.. The Inn at Penn, a new hotel, is one block from campus, if lodging is necessary.. The phone number there is PHONE .	The phone number there is PHONE .	Please mention you will be at Penn for business.
Could you please take	Dan, here is the reply from Gibson Petroleum regarding the confidentiality agreement required for us to obtain their financials.	Dan, here is the reply from Gibson Petroleum regarding the confidentiality agreement required for us to obtain their financials.	Could you please take a look at it and see if this will suffice?
Michelle, I need your help on this issue as we are in  the meeting phase and are getting questions?			Michelle, I need your help on this issue as we are in the meeting phase and are getting questions?
Please respond by 10 a.m. on Tuesday, February 27.	Tana/Karen:. The product long description below will fall under the new product type US ResiOil Swap.. Credit Tom Moran has approved copying the profiles for the new product type from the following:. US Oil HSFO Fin Swap	US Oil HSFO Fin Swap	Please respond by 10 a.m. on Tuesday, February 27.
Please remove Mary Gosnell and Adnan Patel from the Clickpaper distributions			Please remove Mary Gosnell and Adnan Patel from the Clickpaper distributions to Global because they are no longer with our group.
Please divide the list between several of us.			Please divide the list between several of us.
Please review this document.	Dan. I attached the wrong letter.	I attached the wrong letter.	Please review this document.
Please confirm.	Patrick,. Sara is not available at all today for a conference call.. Paul Radous will be on the conference call instead of Rod Nelson.. Are you and Julian available tomorrow at 11:30 am Buenos Aires time, 9:30 am Houston time.. Please respond to Kaye.Ellis enron.com.. Thank you,. Kaye. We need to agree on the steps to follow regarding the ISDA agreements for Capex and Capsa.. Let s arrange a phone call for taday at 3:00pm Houston, 5:00 Buenos Aires time.	Let s arrange a phone call for taday at 3:00pm Houston, 5:00 Buenos Aires time.	Please confirm.
if you could give me a call.	Mark: Thanks for the update.	Mark: Thanks for the update.	Monday is bad for me but TRuesday morning looks good if you could give me a call.
Please take a moment to answer the following seven questions on the EWS Client Satisfaction Survey.			Please take a moment to answer the following seven questions on the EWS Client Satisfaction Survey.
Please dial in as instructed below at 5:00PM CST.	An 800 number has been set up for this afternoon s 5:00 to 7:00 meeting.	An 800 number has been set up for this afternoon s 5:00 to 7:00 meeting.	Please dial in as instructed below at 5:00PM CST.
mde  Please copy and paste shortcut	Just a reminder to log any default functions or additions you would like to see to CAPS in the West Desk Issues Log.. systemroot system32 winbatch.exe W: Scripts msaccess97rt.wbt P: VolumeMgmt Poston WestDeskITISSUES.	systemroot system32 winbatch.exe W: Scripts msaccess97rt.wbt P: VolumeMgmt Poston WestDeskITISSUES.	mde Please copy and paste shortcut without brackets or qoutes.
obtaining a copy of one of the following appendices, please just come by and	Forwarded by Esther Gerratt/LON/ECT on 28/06/2000 16:21. Please find attached a final copy of the due diligence report for MG.. The black line version marks all changes made from the draft that was forwarded to you on Wednesday, June 21.. I have also attached appendix V,VI and VII as those were provided to me in an electronic format.	I have also attached appendix V,VI and VII as those were provided to me in an electronic format.	If you are interested in obtaining a copy of one of the following appendices, please just come by and I can provide you with a hard copy.
Please revise the draft to those terms and re-send it to	Carol St. Clair EB 38 PHONE Phone PHONE Fax carol.st.clair enron.com. That was my understanding, but when I saw your draft I thought you had changed your mind.	That was my understanding, but when I saw your draft I thought you had changed your mind.	Please revise the draft to those terms and re-send it to me.
Please contact the ISC Call Center at  713  345-4727.	Please do not reply to this e-mail.. You are receiving this message because an invoice requiring coding, issue resolution, or approval has been submitted to your iBuyit Payables in-box.. This requires your action through iBuyit Payables.. To launch iBuyit Payables, click on the link below: http://iBuyitPayables.enron.com. Note: Log into iBuyitPayables using the same Employee PID P-Number and Password you use to enter the eHRonline system and/or SAP.. First time iBuyit Payables user?. For training materials, click on the link below: http://sap.enron.com/sap doclib/user/file list.asp?cabinet id 265. Need help?	Need help?	Please contact the ISC Call Center at PHONE .
Please pay in advance with check or credit card.	The Houston Technology Center cordially invites you to attend the. HOUSTON ANGEL NETWORK APRIL. FAST MEETING. Thursday, April 19, 2001. Networking/Registration: 7:00 - 7:30 a.m. Breakfast/Presentations: 7:30 - 8:30 a.m. Networking: 8:30 - 9:00 a.m.. The Houstonian 111 North Post Oak Lane. Please R.S.V.P.. to Kathy Nethercutt: knethercutt houstontech.org or call PHONE no later than April, 2001.. Price to attend is 45.	Price to attend is 45.	Please pay in advance with check or credit card.
I would appreciate your views and please make changes	Jay,. Attached for your review and commentary is a copy of the draft review I prepared for Steve.	Attached for your review and commentary is a copy of the draft review I prepared for Steve.	I would appreciate your views and please make changes you feel are necessary and appropriate.
call me when you are in Houston and we can meet for dinner and/or drinks.	Geoff,. You have very beautiful daughters.. You must be a very proud father.. I shall try to attend a few sessions of the CERA conference.	I shall try to attend a few sessions of the CERA conference.	You can also call me when you are in Houston and we can meet for dinner and/or drinks.
Please respond to pbukowski acex.com			Please respond to pbukowski acex.com To: Carolyn Vavrek cvavrek dttus.com Jeff Dasovich Jeff Dasovich enron.com Shawne Robinson shawne harmony.com sidbury haas.berkeley.edu cc: bcc: Dennis Sidbury/PAMG/Prudential Subject: Fwd: E204 group
give me your number again, please.	darling.. please.. don t taunt me.. i m now too flustered for words.. got your page and voicemail.. been wrapped up ALL day.. i ll try to call later.	i ll try to call later.	give me your number again, please.
Please pass on........			Please pass on........
Can you advise me on the current situation with regard	Mick/Richard,	Mick/Richard,	Can you advise me on the current situation with regard to this training requirement, so the training records can be kept upto date.
Please read this entire mail as	Dear AMU Student:. Thank you for applying to AMU and congratulations on your provisional acceptance into the Master of Arts program!	Thank you for applying to AMU and congratulations on your provisional acceptance into the Master of Arts program!	Please read this entire mail as it contains important information and instructions you need to know in order to register and pay for classes.
Please transfer the storage balance of 420 dth from contract 530750 to VNG			Please transfer the storage balance of 420 dth from contract 530750 to VNG contract 300008.
Can you please get me off whatever distribution list my name is on.			Can you please get me off whatever distribution list my name is on.
check out thanksgiving pages...send them on to friends and family to let them	Daily Blessing http://www.daily-blessings.com/bless144.htm. Is Jesus left handed?. http://www.daily-blessings.com/cont66.htm	http://www.daily-blessings.com/cont66.htm	check out thanksgiving pages...send them on to friends and family to let them know you are thankful for them!
Rich,  could you	Are you aware or should you be aware of this...... There are several issues with this, the main one being that we get the biggest bang for our gives to IBM... It seems the way this is set up, IBM will piecemeal us and get a lot of work without a significant get for Enron ie an outsourcing or a bandwidth or other deal. Are there IT and Process issues?. Is Sally involved.. Maybe they are self-contained and none of this is anyone s business.. I would like your thoughts...... Guys,. we need to get our arms around this one.. John, IBM India is calling on Sanjay s team in India re outsourcing design and operation of data centers in India.. I want to make sure that we add this to IBM s get list.. Coordination with India has not been easy.. Joe and Ken are asking us to get a handle on this.. Rich Thomas is helping to coordinate communication with India.. Rich is managing the overall IBM relationship.	Rich is managing the overall IBM relationship.	Rich, could you please get John up to speed on this opportunity.
Sara: Please finalize confirms and let s talk to Calgary on Monday AM about	I made two small changes.. Unless you have any changes, I consider this to be final.. Justin: Please call me on the short description.	Justin: Please call me on the short description.	Sara: Please finalize confirms and let s talk to Calgary on Monday AM about their counterparties.
Would you please provide me a copy of the last couple of	I m pulling together some sample presentations that should help.. In addition, I ususally get fairly involved the first time someone presents so just let me know if I can help.. I had assumed that Shankman would attend and you are welcome to bring additional people to the Board meeting if you think they can contribute to the presentation in some way.. I just ask that you not have a cast of thousands!. Rebecca,. I would also like to bring Jeff Shankman with me to the board meeting.. He has never attended one.. It has been a long time since i have presented anything to board especially like this.	It has been a long time since i have presented anything to board especially like this.	Would you please provide me a copy of the last couple of presentations so that I can be consistent and give them the right kind of information.
Alan, please pull together the recommendations on each of these issues and	Sen Wyden called Jeff Skilling and I subsequently spoke to his staffer, Joshua Sheinkman.. As you know, Wyden wants to introduce legislation to facilitate disclosure of operating information about the electric grid and is now looking for more details.. Wyden is not interested in pressing for additional disclosure of financial information.. The additional details they are looking for include: what information should be made available; when should it be made available, how should it be made available and who should make it available.. On this last point, I suggested that the legislation should apply to the transmission system operator, whoever that is i.e.. it could be an investor owned utility, a publicly-owned utility, an ISO or an RTO .. I also pointed out that FERC could make this happen by itself, except in the case of public utilities like BPA.. Extending FERC jurisdiction to these entities could be among the main benefits of the legislation.	Extending FERC jurisdiction to these entities could be among the main benefits of the legislation.	Alan, please pull together the recommendations on each of these issues and forward to Linda.
Check this out and tell me what you think.	Good Morning Ducky!	Good Morning Ducky!	Check this out and tell me what you think.
Per the request below, please review the attached list, provide any changes,			Per the request below, please review the attached list, provide any changes, sign and fax to Veronica Valdez PHONE .
Can you please check the FUGG   ?	There is an interconnect between WIC and FUGG for 09/01.. The WIC ties to the statement.	The WIC ties to the statement.	Can you please check the FUGG ?
Please forward to Shawn, Dietz, Jacques, and Maziarz -	my address is : 2302 Travis St PHONE 6. All:. Louise will kick my ass if I don t have your addresses by the end of the week.. Please send them ASAP.. Reminder: The wedding is Saturday October 20, 2001 in New Orleans.	Reminder: The wedding is Saturday October 20, 2001 in New Orleans.	Please forward to Shawn, Dietz, Jacques, and Maziarz - I don t have their e-mail.
Could you please provide Clement Abrams with these requested	Samantha,. In the attached e-mail, Midcoast has requested a few changes to the Enron Corp. Guaranty.	In the attached e-mail, Midcoast has requested a few changes to the Enron Corp. Guaranty.	Could you please provide Clement Abrams with these requested changes and let me know if they are acceptable.
Please respond to  nmann erac.com	Got it	Got it	Neil Mann nmann erac.com on 06/06/2001 08:08:14 AM Please respond to nmann erac.com To: Kay.Mann enron.com cc:
publications are available, please reply to this message with REMOVE	Dear Mathew,. Thank you for your interest in receiving a free trial to Natural Gas Intelligence, the industry s leading news and pricing service since 1981.. This e-mail is automated notification of the availability of your current Natural Gas Intelligence Newsletter s .. Please use your username of msmith9 and your password to access. http://intelligencepress.com/subscribers/index.html. If you have forgotten your password we can send it to you - please visit :. http://intelligencepress.com/password.html. What does a subscription cost?. Daily Gas Price Index is 861 annually Weekly Gas Price Index is 835 annually Natural Gas Intelligence is 536 annually. We also have combination pricing for publications: ALL three publications are 1,864 annually Weekly and Daily are 1,544 annually the weeklies weekly and NGI are 1,187 annually. These prices are for a single user.. Call today about multiple user discounted subscriptions for your entire office.. Remember, GasMart/Power 2001 is in Tampa, Florida, May 9-11, 2001.. Keep your finger on the pulse of the while networking with colleagues and discussing industry issues.. Visit www.gasmart.com to register and for more information.	Visit www.gasmart.com to register and for more information.	If you would like to stop receiving e-mail notifications when your publications are available, please reply to this message with REMOVE E-MAIL in the subject line.
Please include me on the list for Tuesday s brown bag with Jen Fraser.	Stacey,	Stacey,	Please include me on the list for Tuesday s brown bag with Jen Fraser.
Please prepare a letter agreement amending the terms of the ETA for Allegheny	Tana:	Tana:	Please prepare a letter agreement amending the terms of the ETA for Allegheny Energy Supply Company, LLC.
Please verify the Houston fax number.			Please verify the Houston fax number.
ALL CONTRIBUTORS PLEASE COMPLETE	This is an urgent message to supporters of Governor George W. Bush and Secretary Dick Cheney regarding the situation in Florida.. It is now clear we must raise money to fund the recount effort in Florida.. Governor Bush won the vote on Election Day, a victory confirmed by a recount.. Now, the other side is seeking yet a third count by hand.. There is a reason why ballots are counted by computer and not by hand.. The expense of the recount effort must be funded immediately.. Please send a check in any amount that you can up to 5000 today.. These contributions, in keeping with Governor Bush s full disclosure policy on financial contributions, will be posted on the Bush-Cheney website.. Any funds not spent will be returned on a pro rata basis.. Remember: 1.. Checks must be personal, not corporate.. 2.. Checks should be payable to Bush-Cheney Recount Fund.. 3.. Mail or overnight check to:. Donald L. Evans 301 Congress Avenue 2nd Floor/Bush-Cheney Recount Fund Austin, Texas 78701. 4.. These funds do not count against your annual personal federal giving limit of 25,000.. Thank you for your friendship and support.. If you have friends that can help, please forward this message to them immediately.. We thank you for all that you did to help elect Governor Bush and Secretary Cheney.. We also thank you in advance for your willingness to help us during this important time in the life of our country.. print and use form below. BUSH-CHENEY RECOUNT FUND REPLY FORM	BUSH-CHENEY RECOUNT FUND REPLY FORM	ALL CONTRIBUTORS PLEASE COMPLETE
check out thanksgiving pages...send them on to friends and family to let them	Daily-Blessing http://www.daily-blessings.com/bless145.htm. Lord s prayer http://www.daily-blessings.com/humor53.htm	Lord s prayer http://www.daily-blessings.com/humor53.htm	check out thanksgiving pages...send them on to friends and family to let them know you are thankful for them!
also but please put me down for  500 for Jeff.	Sherri,. I would be happy to support Jeff.	I would be happy to support Jeff.	I ve sponsored 5 other people for MS150 also but please put me down for 500 for Jeff.
GIUSEPPE, can you please call Stinson and see how we can optimize the	Hi Stinson,. Giuseppe, Eric and I, arrive on Thusday night at 10pm.. We ll try to reserve rooms at the DoubleTree Hotel next to the Enron building.. Does Enron get special deals with this hotel?. GIUSEPPE, can you please make the reservations?. 1 SCHEDULE:. I leave on Friday at 5:25pm from the Houston/HOBBE ?. airport going to Washington, DC.. What time should I leave Enron?. Eric and Giuseppe leave later I think, around 8pm flying back to SFO.. 2 MEETINGS. Giuseppe has prepared a 30-45min talk on IP pricing.. If possible, we would like to have a brainstorming session s with your group to discuss various technical issues, problem formulations and research directions/results.. Other meetings with EBS and the trading group would be useful too.	Other meetings with EBS and the trading group would be useful too.	GIUSEPPE, can you please call Stinson and see how we can optimize the agenda and maximize the value of the visit.
reach a customer, please attempt to notify Chris Foster or myself.	Group, Please see below.. It is important that we notify our customers regarding changes in the schedules.. All the updated phone numbers have been put in your boxes and a sheet with numbers is also taped to the desk.	All the updated phone numbers have been put in your boxes and a sheet with numbers is also taped to the desk.	If you cannot reach a customer, please attempt to notify Chris Foster or myself.
Please respond to virginia clarkfineart.com	Virginia, Thanks for the email.. Go ahead and send it unframed.. I don t remember what the frame looked like so it will probably be easier to send without.. For my later reference, how much do you charge for framing?. Mike	Mike	Virginia E. Repasky virginia clarkfineart.com on 10/17/2000 11:58:58 AM Please respond to virginia clarkfineart.com To: Mike.McConnell enron.com cc: Subject: Re: Your Blue Note
please REPLY to THIS email message with the word UNSUBSCRIBE in	As a registered Multex Investor member, we will occasionally contact you with special opportunities provided by our partners.. To unsubscribe to this or any other exclusive offers, please see the bottom of this message.. If you d like to learn more about Multex Investor, please visit: http://www.multexinvestor.com/welcome.asp.. If you can t remember your Multex Investor password and/or your user name, click here: http://www.multexinvestor.com/lostinfo.asp.. If you want to update your email address, please click on the URL: http://www.multexinvestor.com/edituinfo.asp.	If you want to update your email address, please click on the URL: http://www.multexinvestor.com/edituinfo.asp.	To remove yourself from the mailing list for Special Promotions, please REPLY to THIS email message with the word UNSUBSCRIBE in the subject line.
Please call me to discuss when you get a chance.	I spoke to Kinneman today.	I spoke to Kinneman today.	Please call me to discuss when you get a chance.
including Jean Mrha 01,s.  Where on the document would you sign or initial?			Yes, I will just initial by the signature line that Jean signs.
Please respond to  nmann erac.com	So do we have someone to watch the menagerie?. I can probably get out around 600.. I could probably leave sooner, but I wouldn t get anywhere any quicker!. ckm	ckm	Neil Mann nmann erac.com on 01/10/2001 05:37:48 PM Please respond to nmann erac.com To: Kay.Mann enron.com cc:
Could you please contact me and advise if this is possible?	Barbara, I think you make valid points in your e-mail.. The latest design you sent me looks fine and meets with our approval.. Thanks.. Marge. Barbara, Vince Kaminski had forwarded me the artwork for the mug being worked on for the seminar series for review/comment.. We in Public Relations were wondering if you might be able to incorporate the Enron logo in the design?	We in Public Relations were wondering if you might be able to incorporate the Enron logo in the design?	Could you please contact me and advise if this is possible?
meeting, please forward this on to the proper party when we know who it is.	G,	G,	Cheryl hasn t found anyone at EE CC to sign off on this but I gotta run to a meeting, please forward this on to the proper party when we know who it is.
At your convenience,  please give me a call to discuss same.	John,. Further to our conversation, attached is a draft of a GISB for your consideration.	Further to our conversation, attached is a draft of a GISB for your consideration.	At your convenience, please give me a call to discuss same.
Can one of you check into this for me, please  you may also be getting a call	Most likely this is an offset to our term sale to CES on CGAS.. Chris prepares CES invoices.. I don t know if he is aware of this.. Most likely, there is an offsetting sale that is not in or we need to back off an existing path and replace with this purchase.. Stephanie, Can you change the year from 2001 to 2000 on the deal, please.. Columbia Gas of Ohio, sitara 153863, purchase.. Mark, If you happen to have any info on who Enron sold the gas to since we re buying from Col Gas of OH , let Robert know--meanwhile he s checking with Robin and Chris on his end so he can path it.. Vic--this is only FYI.. Robert s taking the lead on finding out the info he needs to get this pathed in the system.. Thanks all.. Sandra x5-7213. Forwarded by Sandra Dial/HOU/ECT on 03/10/2000 01:25 PM. The deal ticket has 2001 on it not 2000.. Can you find out who they sold the gas to.. Do you need this pathed and tracked and balanced?. - Rob. Robert/Victor,	Robert/Victor,	Can one of you check into this for me, please you may also be getting a call from Mark Feldman from Volume ...
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Ronda Poudrette 3635 20th Street San Francisco, CA 94110 rondap earthlink.net. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please look this first	Kevin: This is set to close tomorrow so far!. .	.	Please look this first draft over to see if you have any issues.
Please review and provide opinion.	Gerald. Here is a BGML redlined guaranty format.	Here is a BGML redlined guaranty format.	Please review and provide opinion.
Due to the shortage of time, please call me with any information you might	Hi again,. I checked my maps of DC, and it looks like the Hotel Washington might be a good alternative.. Could you see what they have for Mon/Tues night?. Also, please check back with the Willard to see if they have had any cancellations.. Could you email me your telephone number and the afterhours number?	Could you email me your telephone number and the afterhours number?	Due to the shortage of time, please call me with any information you might have.
Please call me or stop by to discuss as they need an answer quickly.			Sara: Please call me or stop by to discuss as they need an answer quickly.
Please call/email myself and	Hi Fred,. I will check with Herman again to get his final comments.. Kay. Kay:. I spoke with Karen Way this afternoon.. She received a call earlier today from Mr. Ledford s Pontiac site neighbour attorney.. The attorney called to say that he had met with the Ledford family this morning to review our proposed Option Purchase Agreement on the Ledford property home and land adjacent to our Pontiac project site .. The result of this meeting was that we have a deal subject to the following changes:. 1.. That the son and daughter-in-law be made parties to the Agreement they currently own/reside in the home and have indicated they are ready to sign 2.. That Titan LLC will pay the survey, title search and transfer fees as a part of the closing costs of the property approx 3- 5K. The Ledford family understands that we wish to execute this Agreement prior to conducting our zoning meetings next Monday and Thursday evening.. Since these changes are relatively minor , I have instructed Karen to revise the necessary pages of the Agreement and forward copies to the Ledford s attorney for review and hopefully execution .	Since these changes are relatively minor , I have instructed Karen to revise the necessary pages of the Agreement and forward copies to the Ledford s attorney for review and hopefully execution .	Please call/email myself and Karen with any comments.
pls print with cover memo.  thanks.			pls print with cover memo.
Please forward on to me your time for May 16-31.			Please forward on to me your time for May 16-31.
Please call me at ext. 66197 in Houston if you wish to discuss the schedule.			-Origin: Haedicke-M X-FileName: MHAEDIC Non-Privileged .pst
could, please add Jeff Messina/HOU/EES, Douglas Huth/HOU/EES, Richard	will do.. Jeff - Thank you for the comprehensive coverage.. I know you have a lot going on, with many to communicate with / to.	I know you have a lot going on, with many to communicate with / to.	If you could, please add Jeff Messina/HOU/EES, Douglas Huth/HOU/EES, Richard Leibert/HOU/EES, to your distribution lists.
Can you check on them for me and let me know?	Credit called me and believes the following deals should be booked to Conoco Power Marketing.	Credit called me and believes the following deals should be booked to Conoco Power Marketing.	Can you check on them for me and let me know?
Please exapnd to all VPs.	Mike Haney with EBS.. PWC - whose NDA is it?	PWC - whose NDA is it?	Please exapnd to all VPs.
Can you take a look at and see if you agree or even if there is a way that you can ascertain if the correction made by PECO Energy Company is valid?	Michelle,. PECO Energy Company has advised us that due to an error in calculation there will be an additional charge made to EESI s PJM bill, if we agree and sign the attached letter.	PECO Energy Company has advised us that due to an error in calculation there will be an additional charge made to EESI s PJM bill, if we agree and sign the attached letter.	Can you take a look at and see if you agree or even if there is a way that you can ascertain if the correction made by PECO Energy Company is valid?
notion of selling above the cap,  please communicate it to us.	Yesterday, we Tim Belden, Greg Wolfe, Steve Hall , John Forney, and a new regulatory person whose name I apologize for not remembering had a meeting to decide what practical legal steps we should take to mitigate any refund risk, particularly the risk of selling power above the price cap.. The result of the meeting was a decision to i attempt on a case by case basis to get our services customers to acknowledge, in writing, terms of allocating at least some of the responsibility for price refunds, and ii create a way to document our cost justification where we sell above the cap, which will allow us to begin making the requisite filings to the FERC in January.	The result of the meeting was a decision to i attempt on a case by case basis to get our services customers to acknowledge, in writing, terms of allocating at least some of the responsibility for price refunds, and ii create a way to document our cost justification where we sell above the cap, which will allow us to begin making the requisite filings to the FERC in January.	If you see any compelling, big picture reason s for concern with the notion of selling above the cap, please communicate it to us.
Please give me a call to discuss once NEPCO has had an opportunity to review	Per our discussion, attached below is the latest draft of the standard contract w/GE.	Per our discussion, attached below is the latest draft of the standard contract w/GE.	Please give me a call to discuss once NEPCO has had an opportunity to review the draft contract.
Please send to my attention, via Fedex to:	Anshuman: please go ahead and complete the visa questionnaire and send the required documents so that I can proceed with your working visa for the US.. Regardless of the length of time you will be in the US, you will still need the L1 visa in order to work here.. Many thanks Margaret. Anshuman: I have been asked to contact you regarding your possible move to Houston, Texas.. In order that I may begin the process of getting you an L1 immigration visa, I will need you to complete the attached visa questionnaire and return it to me with copies of the following documents:. a copy of all pages of your passport, even if blank copies of all previous US visas issued an updated resume, showing months and years copies of all Diplomas and transcripts received if you have dependent family members coming to the States with you, copies of their passports	a copy of all pages of your passport, even if blank copies of all previous US visas issued an updated resume, showing months and years copies of all Diplomas and transcripts received if you have dependent family members coming to the States with you, copies of their passports	Please send to my attention, via Fedex to:
Please coordinate with the desk to identify all deals executed prior to the	Will you transfer all of the existing SJ 100 flow deals to the new curve?	Will you transfer all of the existing SJ 100 flow deals to the new curve?	Please coordinate with the desk to identify all deals executed prior to the new curve being created.
Please send me a copy of	Jason, I received a copy of a referral form that you completed for Virgil Haney.. However, a copy of his resume was not attached.	However, a copy of his resume was not attached.	Please send me a copy of Virgil s resume.
Please indicate the ratings for each of your non-exempt employees below and	Sue --. Earlier this week, you received an email from the PEP team which included the Performance Evaluations of your employees, both Exempt and Non-Exempt.. Please remember that the final Performance Evaluations should be completed with your employees, forms signed and returned to me at EB1665B no later than Friday, August 17th.. For your Non-Exempt employees, I have litsed below all eligible employees for whom you should complete a Performance Evaluation.. However, I need the rating for each employee so it may be input into the PEP system.. The descriptions for Non-Exempt ratings are defined as:. 1 - Consistently performs above expectations 2 - Meets expectations 3 - Does not meet expectations	1 - Consistently performs above expectations 2 - Meets expectations 3 - Does not meet expectations	Please indicate the ratings for each of your non-exempt employees below and return to me no later than Wednesday, July 11, 2001.
can you send the confirm to me.			can you send the confirm to me.
Will you wear the	It s just that I can t begin to imagine a better or more noble spokesman, especially portrayed in the light of a martyr, than you.	It s just that I can t begin to imagine a better or more noble spokesman, especially portrayed in the light of a martyr, than you.	Will you wear the shirt?
Can you fax or e-mail me a copy of what documentation Enron Metals Limited signs--ISDA, general terms and conditions, etc. with BNP Paribas?			-Origin: Heard-M X-FileName: MHEARD Non-Privileged .pst
Please respond to arfsten bflassociates.com			Al Arfsten arfsten bflassociates.com on 06/30/2000 11:38:13 AM Please respond to arfsten bflassociates.com To: Vince J Kaminski Vince.J.Kaminski enron.com cc: Subject: Re: embedded info
Please call Kim Olinger ASAP - 713-853-7504.	Greetings:. Gerald advised that we will need to raise a new master with CNRL to accomodate the transfer of capacity and the associated agency arrangement.. Can you please send the existing paper to him to use as a guide?. Gerald s phone no.. is PHONE .. Also, PGT needs to make a manual adjustment to the releases - therefore they need the deals loaded and ready to go before the 1:00 CST deadline.. We don t want to wait till the last minute in case there are other fixes that need to be done.	We don t want to wait till the last minute in case there are other fixes that need to be done.	Please call Kim Olinger ASAP PHONE .
Can you give me confirmations on storage WD on 24, 26   28?			Can you give me confirmations on storage WD on 24, 26 28?
Also please prepare the	For you, anything!. Tana -. The below request for an NDA is from the director of Clickpaper.com.. Can we process this this morning?. Please disregard all of the Linking Agreement language.. Thanks.. Mark Senior Counsel, ENA Phone: PHONE Facsimile: PHONE E-Mail: Mark.Greenberg enron.com. Mark. Please send the NDA with return instructions to :. Rami Ghandour Forestweb, Inc. 1801 Avenue of the Stars Los Angeles, CA 90067 Phone: PHONE Fax: PHONE Rami forestweb.com. Please leave me a message as to when I can get the Linking Agreement to Paperloop.. If we can get it to them tomorrow, then they might just sign it after a quick review in order to go live by Sunday.	If we can get it to them tomorrow, then they might just sign it after a quick review in order to go live by Sunday.	Also please prepare the Linking Agreement for ForestWeb as well.
Daniel, please get us a conference room for 30 min Monday afternoon and email everyone with the details.			Daniel, please get us a conference room for 30 min Monday afternoon and email everyone with the details.
Please enroll by leaving a voice mail message at  713  853-7181.	Welcome to Enron!. You have joined an exciting company at a critical time in the growth of the energy industry worldwide.. As a part of the Enron team, you will be at the forefront of that change.. Ours is a dynamic company and it is important for you to understand both the breadth and the depth of the company you have just joined.. We believe that open communication is critical to the company s ongoing success, as well as to yours.. As an ongoing part of the New Hire Network, we invite you to attend the corporate sponsored full day : Enron at a Glance This program builds upon the orientation you may have received your first day on the job.. Reserve the date!. Location: Hyatt Regency - Downtown Imperial Ballroom 1200 Louisiana Street lunch provided PHONE . You will learn about our various businesses, their products, services, markets and strategies and how they fit together to make Enron unique in the energy industry.. You will learn about our regulated and unregulated businesses, our domestic and international markets, our competitive position and our organization structure.. Members of the senior management team of the corporation will be there to review these areas with you personally.. We will also talk about our culture and values, what sets us apart from other companies in this area, what we expect of employees and what we offer in return.	We will also talk about our culture and values, what sets us apart from other companies in this area, what we expect of employees and what we offer in return.	Please enroll by leaving a voice mail message at PHONE .
review and provide me with any comments that you may have.	Attached is a draft letter to Bill Tobey re outstanding invoices.	Attached is a draft letter to Bill Tobey re outstanding invoices.	Please review and provide me with any comments that you may have.
Please contact the appropriate JTSIN Node	OATI webCARES Security Officer,. For those Security Officers whose Companies do not use or access the JTSIN OASIS Systems, please disregard this e-mail.. As of today, the majority of JTSIN OASIS Administrators across North America have decided to accept OATI digital certificates.. The following is a summary of JTSIN Nodes and their decisions regarding OATI digital certificates:. JTSIN OASIS Node Accepting OATI Certificates?. ECAR OASIS No EES OASIS Still deciding MAIN OASIS Testing w/ OATI Certs, decide soon MAPP OASIS Yes MISO OASIS Yes NEPOOL OASIS Yes New Brunswick OASIS not JTSIN, but requires certs Yes Northwest OASIS No Rocky Mountain OASIS Yes SWPP OASIS Yes VACAR OASIS Yes. Many OATI digital certificate users have contacted OATI regarding the process for registering their OATI digital certificate in JTSIN Nodes that will accept OATI certificates.. At this time, I have been told the following by some entities familiar with the new JTSIN software: There will be a user interface in the JTSIN software that will allow the Security Officer from a Company to access the JTSIN system for the purpose of linking the new digital certificates to the Company s Users in the JTSIN System.. Therefore, the JTSIN Node Administrators will need to know who the Security Officer or Officers are from each Company.	Therefore, the JTSIN Node Administrators will need to know who the Security Officer or Officers are from each Company.	Please contact the appropriate JTSIN Node Administrator s to find out more about this process and verify that this is the actual process and when this interface will be available at each JTSIN Node.
Please put these in the ng-opt book, not the jv book.	I sold 2,000/d of apr/oct 3.19, and 2,000/d 3.18.	I sold 2,000/d of apr/oct 3.19, and 2,000/d 3.18.	Please put these in the ng-opt book, not the jv book.
1. Presentations: can you please  e-mail your presentation to me by 15th			-Origin: Kaminski-V X-FileName: vkamins.nsf
I need your help in addressing his change of language request  see 2.8 Last few sentences under Contractual comments			Richard- I am talking with Larry at Kinko s today at 4 pm to address the comments he has outlined in the file below I need your help in addressing his change of language request see 2.8 Last few sentences under Contractual comments He does not want us to keep the potential credits from green power-see his comment on page 2 of document below Can you help me address this with him?
Please coordinate with Kaye on this.			Sara: Please coordinate with Kaye on this.
PLEASE SEND  64.85  TO:	THANKS FOR YOUR BID.	THANKS FOR YOUR BID.	PLEASE SEND 64.85 TO: MARK SIPE 237 HEFNER LANE TAYLORSVILLE, NC 28681 PLEASE CONFIRM WITH YOUR ADDRESS SO I CAN HAVE YOUR CARDS READY TO SHIP.I CAN ACCEPT PAYPAL IF YOU DON T USE A CREDIT CARD OR A MONEY ORDER OR CHECK IS FINE BUT I WILL HAVE TO WAIT FOR A CHECK TO CLEAR THE BANK.PLEASE ADD 2.00 IF YOU WANT IT INSURED.I CAN T BE RESPONSIBLE FOR UNINSURED ITEMS.THANKS AGAIN,MARK
Please use the language in this version.			Bob, Please use the language in this version.
6. Please provide the names, addresses, etc. for Sections 25.1 and			-Origin: MANN-K X-FileName: kmann.nsf
Please send out 2 books to Enron s Canada office:			James: Please send out 2 books to Enron s Canada office:
Please cancel this.			Please cancel this.
give Anne or me a call at the toll free number below or email us.	Hi Larry,. Since it s been two months since we have heard from you we wanted to check back with you and see if there is anything we can do to help you with your diamond buying decision?. Our goal is to help you make an informed decision that you will be happy with for years to come.. Remember, since we don t own these stones, we are your personal diamonds consultants who will work to find the very best diamond for you at a great price.. Since you have not responded to any of our emails these past 8 weeks, we assume you are no longer shopping for a diamond and will remove your name from our active customer list.. We hope that if you are still shopping you will contact us so we can help you find a great diamond.	We hope that if you are still shopping you will contact us so we can help you find a great diamond.	If you have any questions about diamonds or the diamond buying process please give Anne or me a call at the toll free number below or email us.
Jennifer--could you please send an electronic version of the matrix to Mr. Dasovich.  thanks.			-Origin: Dasovich-J X-FileName: JDASOVIC Non-Privileged .pst
So please send Kristi my greetings!	By the time of this meeting, I will be about 10,000 richer with a 6 ft. tall half-clothed showgirl on each arm.	By the time of this meeting, I will be about 10,000 richer with a 6 ft. tall half-clothed showgirl on each arm.	So please send Kristi my greetings!
Please submit a copy of your receipt to me for	A fellow employee has been diagnosed with the measles.. If you have any concerns, I would encourage you to contact your physician.. The employees who are most at risk are: Women who are pregnant.. Anyone who has not been immunized and has not had the measles.. If you require a visit to the doctor for a vaccination or check-up as a result of potentially being exposed to the measles, Enron will reimburse you for your medical co-pay.	If you require a visit to the doctor for a vaccination or check-up as a result of potentially being exposed to the measles, Enron will reimburse you for your medical co-pay.	Please submit a copy of your receipt to me for processing.
Please review and if acceptable	I just spoke with Krystal at Kern and John Stafford at Patina: Kern Legal will not finish reviewing until Monday.. At that time they will approve, revise, or reject the changes to the Assignment Agreement.. I reiterated that Enron is comfortable with the changes.. John Stafford is comfortable with Gerald s Indemnity Letter Agreement below , but would strongly prefer to have the indemnity language incorporated into the Assignment Agreement itself, if it is possible in a timely fashion.. John indicated he would be willing to conference in with Gerald and Kern s attorney s first thing Monday morning if we felt it would be helpful.. Bottom line: It looks like we can shut the door on this, one way or the other, on Monday morning.. Tyrell Harrison PHONE . Attached is a letter agreement which specifies ENA s indemnity obligations for Patina wrt the Kern Transport Agreement.	Attached is a letter agreement which specifies ENA s indemnity obligations for Patina wrt the Kern Transport Agreement.	Please review and if acceptable print and execute along with the Kern River assignment form.
Please inform me when you anticipate your respective reviews of the ISDA	Brent-. Are we still on target to receive your comments within the next day or so?. We really need to complete this process.. I look forward to hearing from you.. Thanks,. John. I apologize for the delay.. I hope to be able to get to the reviews early next week.. Thanks, Brent. Mark and Brent-	Mark and Brent-	Please inform me when you anticipate your respective reviews of the ISDA documentation and Japanese Weather GTC documentation will be completed.
Please indicate your approval via REPLY WITH HISTORY.	Pls review and give me your OK, then I ll respond to Christine.. Thanks.. DF. TRANSWESTERN CONTRACT APPROVAL REQUEST. Please review the attached discount letter for New Mexico Natural Gas, Inc. NMNG .. The contract s five year term provides for EOT-EOT receipts and deliveries at a .05/Dth/day transportation rate.. The contract s MAXDQ varies by month and is show on the Appendix A of the discount letter.	The contract s MAXDQ varies by month and is show on the Appendix A of the discount letter.	Please indicate your approval via REPLY WITH HISTORY.
If possible, could you e-mail the	Greg, I am not sure where we are on finalizing the Power Physical Master, but I read it again on the plane and have some minor clean-up matters.. I think you should set up a meeting next week b/w Milly, me and you to take Milly s comments and discuss and some business points with him.. You should also set up a meeting with Hemstock and Dadson to take their comments re: market operations.. Lastly you should set up a call with Hodge and Sager to get there comments.. I would like to have the Master signed off by end of next week.. Does ENA have a short form physical power trading document or GTC that it uses for short term power transactions for counterparties with whom it does not have a master?. As ECC is preparing its physical power trading documents right now, we need to also prepare a form of GTC and I thought that, since the EEI master was so helpful in my preparation of ECC s form of master, your form of GTC would be helpful as well.	As ECC is preparing its physical power trading documents right now, we need to also prepare a form of GTC and I thought that, since the EEI master was so helpful in my preparation of ECC s form of master, your form of GTC would be helpful as well.	If possible, could you e-mail the document to me?
Please get Denis or James involved on all appropriate deals.	Service agreements and construction jobs, as well as capital expenditure, obligate Enron and as a result the rules for RAC approval for commitments apply.	Service agreements and construction jobs, as well as capital expenditure, obligate Enron and as a result the rules for RAC approval for commitments apply.	Please get Denis or James involved on all appropriate deals.
Could you please give	I have some questions about data that I have been downloading from the NNG/Enron website.. I am not sure you are the correct person to contact about these questions but I am hoping you can help or at least point me in the correct direction.. I am looking at three different pieces of data - Index of Customers, Tariff information and Capacity Release data.. I am having trouble understanding the way your pipeline works and I am hoping someone will be able to help.. One of the major questions I have is why the rate schedules differ so much between these three pieces of data, IOC lists the rate schedules on contracts as TF M 11 3, TF M 4 10, or TF F 1 12.. Tariff lists the schedule TF with various rates under it, TF 12 base, TF 12 variable and TF5 all under the market to market heading , TFF under the Field to Field /market Demarcation heading, etc.. , and in capacity release I see rate schedules that look different still, TF5-TF5, TF7-TFF, TF2-TF12, TFX1-TFX Mkt Apr-Oct.. I am trying to reconcile the differences and I can get a little ways but then I run into problems.. For instance, in the IOC, I am assuming TF M 11 3 means TF rate- Market to Market- flowing from Nov-March.. But then I see a contract that has the TF M 11 3 rate schedule that flows from April thru Oct according to effective and expiration dates of the contract and I get confused again.. I can correlate some of the capacity release rates to tariff, TF5-TF5 corresponding to TF5 under the TF rate, but then I get to TF7-TFF and I am not sure where the TF7 comes from or what it correlates to.. I know there must be some way to look at all this together, but I am at a loss to figure it out, which is why I am asking for your help.. I have never nominated on your pipeline, but instead am just doing data collection and analysis.. There are more questions I need to have answered and would like to be able to contact someone so that I can talk with them and gain an understanding of how your pipeline works.	There are more questions I need to have answered and would like to be able to contact someone so that I can talk with them and gain an understanding of how your pipeline works.	Could you please give me a call or direct me to whom I need to speak?
Please send me a copy of the 9/20 memo.			Please send me a copy of the 9/20 memo.
be saved, please ask Christian Yoder and Steve Hall.	IMPORTANT EPMI POLICY REGARDING HARD COPY DOCUMENTS WHILE LITIGATION IS PENDING. This policy is in addition to my prior email about the procedure for handling email and electronic documents.. While most of what we do is contained within Enron s electronic systems, there still are times when hard copies are made or needed for running our business.. Here is how you must handle those hard copy documents:. 1.. The basic rule is that if you have hard copies of documents that are used in EPMI s business of selling energy in the WSCC, you must keep those documents until further notice.. If space becomes a problem, please contact Debra Davidson who can arrange for storage.. 2.. What constitutes a document?. In some instances you will have one copy of a document that has your handwritten notes on it, and another copy that may be clean.. For these purposes both are considered documents and both must be saved.. Similarly, if several people have copies of the same document, each separate copy is considered a separate document.. On the other hand, if you made 10 copies for a meeting and there were 4 left over that were never handed out or were not used, those may be recycled so long as you keep the ones that were used.. If you keep handwritten notes for your work, those would be considered documents as well.. Telephone notes, charts, printouts of data, spreadsheets etc.. all constitute documents.	all constitute documents.	If you have a question about what constitutes a document and whether it should be saved, please ask Christian Yoder and Steve Hall.
Could you kindly please offer me some real weather data information about	Elena,. Please, prepare for Mulong NG and power price series.. We can use Henry Hub for NG, Cinergy, Cobb and PV for electricity.. We can send him NG price right away.. Electricity prices are different: he has to obtain permission from FT Megawatts Daily .. I shall cc you on my msg to him.. Vince. Dear Dr. Kaminski:. I am a PhD Candidate under the supervision of Drs.. Richard MacMinn and Patrick Brockett.. I am now working on my dissertation which is focused on the weather derivatives and credit derivatives.	I am now working on my dissertation which is focused on the weather derivatives and credit derivatives.	Could you kindly please offer me some real weather data information about the price peak or plummet because of the weather conditions?
PLEASE CHECK THE SINGLE MOST APPROPRIATE RESPONSE.	Dear Valued Customer:. At Schwab, we are committed to offering you the best in customer service.. Delivering friendly, accurate and timely service is our goal with every customer contact.. Please tell us about the quality of service you received recently by completing this brief questionnaire.. Your opinion is very important to us because it helps us evaluate our performance and recognize employees that provide you with good service.. Thank you for taking time to provide us with your feedback.. We appreciate your business and the trust you have placed in our company.. When completing the questionnaire, please tell us about the service provided by Robin OCanna of the Retail Client Services Division for the e-mail contact on March 20, 2001.. HERE S HOW TO CREATE A SURVEY REPLY:. To respond to this survey, create a reply e-mail message that contains the survey.. Some e-mail systems require you to manually copy and paste the survey into your reply.. If you have received this survey through America Online AOL , refer to the detailed instructions at the bottom of the survey.. HERE S HOW TO FILL OUT THE SURVEY:. To answer a question, type an x between the brackets, like this: x .. For fill-in-the-blanks, type between the brackets like this: your response .. We apologize that we may be unable to reply to all feedback provided on this survey.. IMPORTANT: Please make sure your reply contains the authentication marker below and items 9 through 16.. Authentication marker -- 4 e 7Pb P wu 15 0 0 5265 -- do not remove.	Authentication marker -- 4 e 7Pb P wu 15 0 0 5265 -- do not remove.	PLEASE CHECK THE SINGLE MOST APPROPRIATE RESPONSE.
Please review assignment language Par 12  C , G  for accuracy.			Please review assignment language Par 12 C , G for accuracy.
process, please call the PEP Help Desk at the following numbers:	NOTE: YOU WILL RECEIVE THIS MESSAGE EACH TIME YOU ARE SELECTED AS A REVIEWER.. You have been selected to participate in the Mid-Year 2000 Performance Management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee s that have been identified for you.. Your feedback plays an important role in the performance management process, and your participation is very critical to the success of Enron s Performance Management goals.. Please provide feedback on the employee s listed below by accessing the Performance Management System PEP and completing an online feedback form as described in the Performance Management Quick Reference Guide .. You may begin your feedback input immediately.. Please have all feedback forms completed by the date noted below.	Please have all feedback forms completed by the date noted below.	If you have any questions regarding PEP or your responsibility in the process, please call the PEP Help Desk at the following numbers:
Please see the below comment from our counsel re your marketing materials			Jaime: Please see the below comment from our counsel re your marketing materials
Can you review any issues with	Linda, Arthur Anderson is conducted an audit of the subject entity and needs to obtain sign off from ENA Counsel that there is no pending litigation against this entity.. ECS Compression Company, LLC is owned approximately 10 by Enron Compression Services Company, which is 100 owned by ENA.. Attached is the form letter they want us to provide.	Attached is the form letter they want us to provide.	Can you review any issues with this LLC and have Richard Sanders sign off on this letter?
If you would like to pre-submit a question, please send them to Jeff Skilling directly or fax to him at 713-646-8381.	Sir, Thank you for taking questions.. Attached is a presentation which I believe is worth 40M / year with very little capital investment.. With your permission, I d like to arrange to see you for 15 minutes to present this new venture.. With due respect, Lou Pai has been the only person who has not thought these two products would be a natural progression for Enron.. If you are willing to discuss further, I would ask Jay Lewis to also attend.. Thank you again,. Gregg Cooper. Reminder........ Please join Jeff Skilling on Wednesday, August 1, 2001 at 2 p.m. near EB 737 to. share information about activities he and the OOC believe are important to us as a company, and answer questions about our businesses, strategies, issues or anything of interest to you concerning Enron.	share information about activities he and the OOC believe are important to us as a company, and answer questions about our businesses, strategies, issues or anything of interest to you concerning Enron.	If you would like to pre-submit a question, please send them to Jeff Skilling directly or fax to him at PHONE .
Please look at the attached file below.	Fred,	Fred,	Please look at the attached file below.
Please move these trades to Sumas and resend the data to the	Anne,. We need to delete the two trades listed under rockies that are priced 13.90 and 14.00.	We need to delete the two trades listed under rockies that are priced 13.90 and 14.00.	Please move these trades to Sumas and resend the data to the publications with an explanation.
Please comment.	attachment. My proposed changes.. A starting point for the California section of the Conference Call script.	A starting point for the California section of the Conference Call script.	Please comment.
Could you please update me on the status of due diligence and document	Mark,	Mark,	Could you please update me on the status of due diligence and document preparation for Chile, Peru and Korea?
Please look into this and set up the sale as	We need to go ahead and pay them.. The question really at this point is not if there is a deal, but whether there is a true up required with CES. Where are we on T F Operating production ?. We now owe for Jan and Feb 2000 production and are fielding calls from T F .. Please reply.. Thanks WRP. Forwarded by Wade R Price/HOU/ECT on 03/24/2000 10:36 AM. Please look into this city gate production for T F Operating at CPA/PennFuel.. Invoices for Jan-00 and Feb-00 are in and due.. Purchase Deal is 142786 .. The contract PHONE still has the CES - T F Operating party name as does the deal .. Per John Singer, this deal is for 10000 per month 3.465 for 01/00 - 03/00 , 2.85 for 04/00 - 10/00 .. by the way, they billed in MCFs .. I need to get this paid ASAP.	I need to get this paid ASAP.	Please look into this and set up the sale as needed..
be Calpine Energy Services, L.P.   Please change the names and let the			These are deals for Jeff Richter traded 11-09-00 and the correct name should be Calpine Energy Services, L.P.
Can you send it to me by	Vince: I very much enjoyed getting to know more about you yesterday morning.. When do you return from Australia?. I would like to arrange for you, I, and Tim Luehrman to meet so that you can learn more about he and his vision and the possibilities laying ahead for PwC and its global Financial Advisory Services practice.. I briefly talked with Tim and he very much would enjoy receiving a copy of the publication in which you referenced his tomato field model.	I briefly talked with Tim and he very much would enjoy receiving a copy of the publication in which you referenced his tomato field model.	Can you send it to me by attachment file?
Please add the following to your memo:			Susan: Please add the following to your memo:
Please respond no later than 10 a.m. on Wednesday, April 25.	Tana/Kelly/Karen:. The product long descriptions below will fall under two new product types: 20 US Residual Fuel Oil 1 Crack Spread US Residual Fuel Oil 3 Crack Spread 20 20 Credit Tom Moran has approved copying the profiles for the new product ty pe 20 from the following:. US Oil HSFO Fin Swap	US Oil HSFO Fin Swap	Please respond no later than 10 a.m. on Wednesday, April 25.
Dale, please send revised LVC II facility agreement to reflect Units 25-28	Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 03/13/2001 08:24 AM. Bill/Dale/Kay-. I ve made redline edits with regards to LVCII performance guarantee values in Section 10.7 for output and heat rate based on the Feb 8, 2001 guarantee sheet.	I ve made redline edits with regards to LVCII performance guarantee values in Section 10.7 for output and heat rate based on the Feb 8, 2001 guarantee sheet.	Dale, please send revised LVC II facility agreement to reflect Units 25-28 with appropriate schedules for price, delivery, payment and termination schedules at your earliest convenience.
Please call me to discuss.	Bruce,. I work with Phillip Allen in West Gas Trading and he talked to Greg Piper about the letter attached below, and Greg told us to forward it to you.. Mr. Chase Belew and Mr. Carleson, with E Steel, would like to meet with you to discuss market opportunities in the global steel market.. I would like to have Mr. Belew call you to set up a time to meet with you.. Would this be a problem?	Would this be a problem?	Please call me to discuss.
you forward me the memo describing the 203 stuff?	Greetings.. Thanks for the help yesterday.	Thanks for the help yesterday.	I may have missed it, but could you forward me the memo describing the 203 stuff?
Rosalee - would you please pass along the short note below to Ken?			Rosalee - would you please pass along the short note below to Ken?
Please spend a few minutes reading the following overview on the situation	California 01,s power crisis has generated heated debate over the last seve ral 20 months.. Unfortunately, this debate has generated more heat than light.. We 20 want you to know what the facts are and what we are doing about the crisis.	We 20 want you to know what the facts are and what we are doing about the crisis.	20 Please spend a few minutes reading the following overview on the situation 20 and our position on California energy issues.
so please check your calendars to see if 10:00 on the 9th will work as a	my flight is at noon so I will be in the office from about 8 until about 11.. Cheryl Nelson Senior Counsel EB38 PHONE . Since we will all be swamped trying to get out of here on time tomorrow, I think we should defer the group meeting.	Since we will all be swamped trying to get out of here on time tomorrow, I think we should defer the group meeting.	I will be out of town on the 16th, so please check your calendars to see if 10:00 on the 9th will work as a substitute.
To change your e-mail address, send a message to	NEW ROADS E-ROADS: Market Innovations in Community Development August 23-24. Conference Registration Brochure: http://dallasfed.org/htm/dallas/events/newroads.html. The Dallas Fed invites you to attend New Roads and e-Roads: Market Innovations in Community Development.. This conference will provide an opportunity for bankers, community development professionals, government officials and community leaders to discuss: the changing banking environment, the 2002 Community Reinvestment Act review, new technologies influence on community development, bridging small business capital gaps, New Markets Tax Credits, and much more.. Featured Speakers Include: Robert D. McTeer, Jr., New Economy champion and president and CEO of the Dallas Fed.. Robert L. Woodson, Sr., founder and president of the National Center for Neighborhood Enterprise, often called the godfather of the neighborhood empowerment movement.. David Coulter, vice chairman of J.P. Morgan Chase Co. and leader of the bank s Internet initiatives.. Glenn Yago, director of capital studies at the Milken Institute and author of Emerging Domestic Markets: The Minority Business Challenge.. REGISTER TODAY!. You have received this message because you subscribe to the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas Community Affairs announcement list.. To unsubscribe, send a blank message to perspectives-off mail-list.com	To unsubscribe, send a blank message to perspectives-off mail-list.com	To change your e-mail address, send a message to perspectives-change mail-list.com with your old address in the subject line
5. Please provide the O M contract with Operational Energy Corporation.			Here are the questions from Allegheny regarding Gleason.
Please confirm.	Rod:. Meetings for Monday if this works for you. 1:30-2:00 pm Kevin Howard/Davis Thames. 2:00 -3:00pm - Jeff McMahon/Kevin Howard -EGS financing activities EB5022	2:00 -3:00pm - Jeff McMahon/Kevin Howard -EGS financing activities EB5022	Please confirm.
Please respond asap	Jeff, April 23rd is fine.. Jim. The Hyatt has just notifyed us that Monday, April 23, 2001 is available for us to hold the Karen H. Susman Jurisprudence Award Luncheon.. I want to confirm that this date still works for everyone.	I want to confirm that this date still works for everyone.	Please respond asap and let me know if we can go ahead with booking this date at the Hyatt.
Check out this website.			Check out this website.
remove your name from the e-mailing list, please use the Reply feature of	Elena,. Please, review the energy related info in this database if any and talk to me about it.. I would like to do some research in this area and ask you to write a summary report.. Nothing urgent.. Vince. We have today published information about the OTC derivative activities of the largest Dutch dealers.. This research is contained in the attached pdf file.. Through our web site, SwapsMonitor.com, you can obtain additional information about OTC derivatives dealers, including rankings and a database of outstandings going back to 1994.. As an e-mail subscriber to our research, you will automatically receive all free research at the same time it is placed on our web site.	As an e-mail subscriber to our research, you will automatically receive all free research at the same time it is placed on our web site.	If you wish to remove your name from the e-mailing list, please use the Reply feature of your e-mail application and type the word Remove in the subject line.
Please review the following information and let us know if this is a valid book and ID.	John,. We are working on an EnronOnline Website Audit.. We have noticed that many traders have duplicate ID s and are not using some of them.. In an effort to reduce risk, we would like to inactivate all ID s that are no longer valid for traders.. Please note that inactivating these ID s will not effect matrix trades.	Please note that inactivating these ID s will not effect matrix trades.	Please review the following information and let us know if this is a valid book and ID.
that you maintain a spreadsheet that has all trades and send it to me and the	Art:. How are you planning on keeping track of all the trades you do for Citizens and communicating that info to them?. We need to make sure that all the billing people have this info so the bills are correct.	We need to make sure that all the billing people have this info so the bills are correct.	My suggestion is that you maintain a spreadsheet that has all trades and send it to me and the folks on the e-mail above every time a new trade is done.
Please call all of	The list attached below sets out the tentative guests at your Church Gourmet Party on May 13.. Some of these persons have confirmed that they will be attending, but approximately half have not confirmed.	Some of these persons have confirmed that they will be attending, but approximately half have not confirmed.	Please call all of your guests in the next few days to invite them to your home and introduce yourself.
Could you please provide me with an indication on whether you  will be able	Julie,. Sorry for the delay.. I was traveling a lot the last few days.. I shall send back my comments by Saturday morning my time.. Vince. Vince, ?	Vince, ?	Could you please provide me with an indication on whether you will be able to review the latest EPRM article in the next day or so??
please drop me and e:mail.	We need to make sure that when we have any issues concerning the Griffith plant we put something on the log.. It has been brought to our attention that we had a problem on Aug. 6th and Aug. 14th and there is nothing in the logs about anything.. I was here on the 6th and know they almost ran themselves out of gas because they started pulling more than our setpoint and did not call to let us know.	I was here on the 6th and know they almost ran themselves out of gas because they started pulling more than our setpoint and did not call to let us know.	If anyone can recall what took place on the 14th please drop me and e:mail.
PLEASE REPORT SEVERE WEATHER TO THE COUNTY SHERIFF...LOCAL POLICE... OR DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY.	SEVERE THUNDERSTORM WARNING NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE HOUSTON/GALVESTON TX 357 AM CDT FRI JUN 8 2001. THE NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE HAS ISSUED A. SEVERE THUNDERSTORM WARNING FOR... GALVESTON COUNTY IN SOUTHEAST TEXAS HARRIS COUNTY IN SOUTHEAST TEXAS. UNTIL 500 AM CDT. AT 351 AM CDT...DOPPLER RADAR INDICATED A SEVERE THUNDERSTORM 5 MILES SOUTH OF SANTA FE...MOVING NORTHEAST AT 20 MPH.. LOCATIONS IN THE PATH OF THE SEVERE THUNDERSTORM INCLUDE... LA MARQUE...LEAGUE CITY TEXAS CITY...DICKINSON...WEBSTER NASSAU BAY BACLIFF...KEMAH. WINDS IN EXCESS OF 65 MPH ARE VERY LIKELY IN LEAGUE CITY AND DICKINS0N.. MOVE TO AN INTERIOR ROOM ON THE LOWEST FLOOR OF YOUR HOME OR BUSINESS.. STAY AWAY FROM WINDOWS!. STRONG WINDS MAY KNOCK DOWN TREES AND POWER LINES OR DAMAGE BUILDINGS.. TAKE COVER NOW!	TAKE COVER NOW!	PLEASE REPORT SEVERE WEATHER TO THE COUNTY SHERIFF...LOCAL POLICE... OR DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY.
Please send future	Sent to wrong address originally.. PL. There has been a slight change to our email addresses.	There has been a slight change to our email addresses.	Please send future emails to phillip.m.love enron.com Thanks.
Please review	IMAGE 09 IMAGE 09 IMAGE 09 IMAGE 09 IMAGE 09 IMAGE 09 IMAGE 09 IMAGE 09 09 09 09 09 IMAGE 09 IMAGE 09 IMAGE 09 09 09 09 09 IMAGE 09 IMAGE 09 IMAGE 09Dear John, Thanks for booking your flight on Orbitz.. Please n ote: You cannot use this document to pass through airport security.. Withi n the next 24 hours we ll send you an Itinerary Companion e-mail that wil l include your airline ticket number s , and all the information you will n eed to check in for your flight and pass through security.	Withi n the next 24 hours we ll send you an Itinerary Companion e-mail that wil l include your airline ticket number s , and all the information you will n eed to check in for your flight and pass through security.	Please review carefully: Your Orbitz record locator is OLJ7LV.
Take a look and let me know what you think.	Dudes: Here s my my comments to Mark s answers to the questions, and suggestions to Jimmie s model.. I don t answer the bottom line question, since we have some talking to do on the model.. Jimmie, your model is great except we have to value the company on cash flow as opposed to NI .. I ve take a stab at setting up the discounted cash flow model.. All my stuff is highlighted in yellow.. It s the capex that s screwy see assumptions given in questions .. I get at 25 of 1995 revs, not 45.8 as indicated in the assumptions.. I also assume that when it sez working capital is net zero, we don t factor those balance sheet line items into the DCF model.. Others agree?. Anyway, it gives me a 3.32 share value, so I think the model s got some work.	Anyway, it gives me a 3.32 share value, so I think the model s got some work.	Take a look and let me know what you think.
Could you please refax my comments to your Schedule?	1 Will the ISDA be negotiated prior to execution of your trade?. 2 Are the trade terms correct?. You did not send me a deal ticket.. Who is the trader?. Who will be responsible for payments under the swap i.e., will it be you ?. 3 What happened to comments on the Schedule?. 4 Who is reviewing the Schedule from a credit perspective?	4 Who is reviewing the Schedule from a credit perspective?	Could you please refax my comments to your Schedule?
Please respond to  kpurvis viant.com	Mark Jason,. Karen is referring to slides 2-3 in the presentation in the paragraph in red below.. I don t see any issues with us having the words below at the bottom of each powerpoint slide.. Could you please confirm this?. Thanks in advance, Rahil 3-3206. Forwarded by Rahil Jafry/HOU/ECT on 06/14/2000 10:36 AM	Forwarded by Rahil Jafry/HOU/ECT on 06/14/2000 10:36 AM	Karen Purvis kpurvis viant.com on 06/13/2000 11:14:09 AM Please respond to kpurvis viant.com To: rahil.jafry enron.com cc: dave.samuels enron.com Subject: enron online Viant powerpoint template
Please set your Confirmation email preference on the Change page to	This is a change ticket from the PeopleFinder.. The PeopleFinder received these changes to your information from the Change Request page on 5/16/2000:. change Confirmation email preference to mail lotus change Lotus Notes to Taylor, Mark A change Confirm external changes to yes. If you want these changes made to your information, simply reply to this message.. Don t change the subject line.. If you don t want these changes, throw this message away.. We re sorry, but cc:Mail is not supported at this time.. If you are reading this in cc:Mail, your reply will not reach the PeopleFinder.	If you are reading this in cc:Mail, your reply will not reach the PeopleFinder.	Please set your Confirmation email preference on the Change page to Internet until you have Lotus Notes installed on your PC.
Please open and review per Barbara Barkovich.	BLACKOUT BUSTERS, BUSINESS CONTINUITY AND ENERGY COMMITTEE MEMBERS: the following documents were submitted to the PUC as indicated below.	BLACKOUT BUSTERS, BUSINESS CONTINUITY AND ENERGY COMMITTEE MEMBERS: the following documents were submitted to the PUC as indicated below.	Please open and review per Barbara Barkovich.
You can call me on whatever you have, including Midway, SDEC and Medley	Greg,	Greg,	You can call me on whatever you have, including Midway, SDEC and Medley Dunn.
Please contact your	We have received several inquiries on the email link embedded in the communication distributed on December 27, 2000 by Steve Kean and Cindy Olson in reference to the PRC process.. If you have experienced problems when clicking on this link, copy and paste the link into an email message.. We apologize for any convenience this may have caused.	We apologize for any convenience this may have caused.	Please contact your local IT Help desk, should you continue to have problems.
please mail them to the attention of:	FYI - See Ed s comments.. We helped ENA significantly in getting this Favor from our friends at PSE G and it is a good feeling to see that they recognized it.. Attached please find the long awaited, much anticipated Garden State Paper/Public Service Electric Gas amendment which will do the following for GSP: 1 Secure TETCO M3 receipt through 10/31/2007 2 Secure the current discounted LDC transportation rate through 10/31/07 I have reviewed the document and it seems in good order.. This agreement does hedge GSP against increases in the base transportation rate on the LDC and insures that GSP will have TETCO M3 as opposed to the currently higher Transco Z6 NY as its receipt point, but it does NOT hedge GSP s M3 basis exposure.. That exposure can be hedged through ENA or other wholesale gas trading companies.. Please review it and execute two 2 copies soon as possible.	Please review it and execute two 2 copies soon as possible.	Thereafter, please mail them to the attention of: Mr. David W. Wohlfarth Public Service Electric and Gas Company 80 Park Plaza Newark, New Jersey 07101 phone PHONE
Deborah, please print and file.	PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL: ATTORNEY-CLIENT COMMUNICATION, ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT. David and Richard, FYI.	David and Richard, FYI.	Deborah, please print and file.
Please talk to Susan.	Rod: Is this one ready to go?	Rod: Is this one ready to go?	Please talk to Susan.
Please check with the trader.			Please check with the trader.
Please print and put in folder, Off Balance Sheet EPC Contract.			Please print and put in folder, Off Balance Sheet EPC Contract.
Also, please forward to me a copy of the final form of	Anna:. Do want to prepare the Exhibits A and B or shall I?. I would like to have the doc executed today.	I would like to have the doc executed today.	Also, please forward to me a copy of the final form of guaranty which you agreed to with Clement Abrams.
Can you, please, attend?	Stinson,	Stinson,	Can you, please, attend?
me a call at  713  853-3399.	Lisa,. I was returning your phone call to Carol St. Clair about the agreement and deleted the message by mistake before I got to your phone no.	I was returning your phone call to Carol St. Clair about the agreement and deleted the message by mistake before I got to your phone no.	Can you give me a call at PHONE .
Could you fax to Heather and Ozzie at the same fax as last night?			Could you fax to Heather and Ozzie at the same fax as last night?
Please respond as soon as possible.	I have three other contract which need to be terminated.. I have termination letters effective October 22, 1997.. Please let me know if there are any deals attached to these contracts before I terminate them in the system PHONE PHONE PHONE 2	PHONE	Please respond as soon as possible.
already done so, please send me the following:	Joe:. This e-mail will confirm the site visit by your company at Gleason and Lincoln.. The relevant information is as follows:	The relevant information is as follows:	Pursuant to the Site Visit Procedures sent you by CSFB, if you have not already done so, please send me the following: List of your team members and titles For outside consultants, state their employer Name, phone number office and mobile and e-mail address of your designated deal team leader
please call me at X3-3048.	Hey, regarding deals 226462 and 258420, should we take the volumes to 0 on deal 226462?. Forwarded by Chris Germany/HOU/ECT on 05/04/2000 07:49 AM. Look at the TCO deal below for accuracy..... The following are deals that I have completed for the CES split.. Please pass along information to Logistics person that nominates on particular pipe.. I have also created the hedge for thos deals that are in red.	I have also created the hedge for thos deals that are in red.	Any questions please call me at X3-3048.
Please follow-up	Colleen,. Thanks for the heads up on this.. We would be pleased to look into this whe n 20 the time is right from your perspective.. Let us know.	Let us know.	Please follow-up 20 with Mike Rogala or me.
Please send them to my house  8855	Jeff,. Here is a recent rentroll.. I understand another looker went to the property.. I want to hear the feedback no matter how discouraging.. I am in Portland for the rest of the week.. You can reach me on my cell phone PHONE .. My understanding was that you would be overnighting some closing statements for Leander on Friday.	My understanding was that you would be overnighting some closing statements for Leander on Friday.	Please send them to my house 8855 Merlin Ct, Houston, TX 77055 .
Please RSVP to Jessica at x31918 - space i	01 Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path 20 and leave a trail.. 018 - Ralph Waldo Emerson 20 Watch the Enron Building lobby on Thursday, April 26th, from 11:30am to 20 1:00pm for information 20 on Enron 01,s unique ways to express itself through our employee communicat e 20 tools and our workplace environment.. Featuring: eThink, Planet Enron, Expert Finder and GIS. Special Afternoon Workshop - 3:30pm to 5:30pm 01 The Painting Experience 018 with Mr. Stewart Cubley 20 You do not have to be an artist... no training or knowledge of art is 20 required.... simply participate in a unique, 20 supportive environment where you can explore the 01 process 018 of creativ ity and 20 risk-taking completely free from the 20 barriers of comparison, evaluation, judgment, success, failure or awards.. 20 The only prerequisite is a spirit of inquiry.. 20 There is no fee for this class.	20 There is no fee for this class.	Please RSVP to Jessica at x31918 - space i s 20 limited.
Also, please contact Dale to sell your Canadian securities and have them	We are trying to establish your cost basis in your account.. Do you have confirms from the purchase date on your securities so we can see when the securities were purchased?. We need to know the date because of the currency conversion.. Dale Onrait in Canada said you purchased the securities from another branch so he does not have the records.. This is for your benefit in determining your position if you sell the securities.	This is for your benefit in determining your position if you sell the securities.	Also, please contact Dale to sell your Canadian securities and have them convert the proceeds to US .
Sam:  Please move the CSFB Futures Agreement to the  Futures Agreement			Sam: Please move the CSFB Futures Agreement to the Futures Agreement section of the database.
please include shirley on your california updates			please include shirley on your california updates
Clement, Sara and Tana, could each of you please e-mail to Cris Sherman as			Clement, Sara and Tana, could each of you please e-mail to Cris Sherman as soon as possible the most recent versions of the documents each of you were preparing for the prepay transaction with RBC.
Can you give me a sense of when you think Margaux will close?			Mark: Can you give me a sense of when you think Margaux will close?
Please direct all concerns about this email or your inclusion on this list to our email address listed above.	http://img.prq0.com/images/2961/PB 525x PHONE 01.jpg http://www.prq0.com/apps/redir.asp?link XbdabdciBI,ZbhdjajehhEH oid UdcefBE. Sincerely, Your New Offers Staff. This email was sent to you by Just a Tip, a marketing partner of First PREMIER Bank, not from the Bank itself.	This email was sent to you by Just a Tip, a marketing partner of First PREMIER Bank, not from the Bank itself.	Please direct all concerns about this email or your inclusion on this list to our email address listed above.
Could you find a room for 1 hr and let me know where and when.	TJ,. I d like a room tomorrow Tue after 4pm to speak with Mike Bridges about an open position on my desk.	I d like a room tomorrow Tue after 4pm to speak with Mike Bridges about an open position on my desk.	Could you find a room for 1 hr and let me know where and when.
Please give me a call when	Paul,. This is the file from Man that we talked about.	This is the file from Man that we talked about.	Please give me a call when you get this because it has a lot of data that we don t need, but I can t omit information from the file.
Could you please look into this for me?			Could you please look into this for me?
Please RSVP that I will attend.			Please RSVP that I will attend.
original back, please send to me for my files.	Liz, it looks fine.. I have printed it and will initial for Greg s signature.. Let me know if you have any other questions.	Let me know if you have any other questions.	Once you get the original back, please send to me for my files.
Please respond to Welcome Back!			Please respond to Welcome Back!
Would you change the desk on deal 1064348 from Gulf2 to East TP1 please?			Would you change the desk on deal PHONE from Gulf2 to East TP1 please?
Please change my book from  Short Term Main  to  Short term SERC			Please change my book from Short Term Main to Short term SERC
Please email me whatever version of the doc you sent to them.			Please email me whatever version of the doc you sent to them.
Please also  make absolutely sure that this is included in the PSW build route, as we use it nearly exclusively now.	We also need a box that says Include only Dart Deals	We also need a box that says Include only Dart Deals	Please also make absolutely sure that this is included in the PSW build route, as we use it nearly exclusively now.
Please confirm.	Derek,. I think we just need to revise the header on the Chilean Annex to say Annex A-Chile .. When it was renamed, it wasn t renamed in the front of the confirmation, so we just need to fix that glitch.. Can you please help me to resolve this ASAP.. Thank you, Craig. Forwarded by Craig Breslau/HOU/ECT on 12/13/2000 01:50 PM. I received from Derek Bailey the Confirmation Form and the Chilean Annex, but I feel there is still missing the Annex A, as it is refferred in the Confirmation Form as part of the terms and conditions of the transaction.	I received from Derek Bailey the Confirmation Form and the Chilean Annex, but I feel there is still missing the Annex A, as it is refferred in the Confirmation Form as part of the terms and conditions of the transaction.	Please confirm.
Please send to Kay Mann	Section 6.7.2 Invoices should be addressed to:. Enron North America 1400 Smith St Houston, TX 77002 ATTN: Theresa Vos PHONE . Attached in the latest draft of the GE-ENA breakout contract.. The lawyers need a few more items to complete before execution.	The lawyers need a few more items to complete before execution.	Please send to Kay Mann and copy me on responses.
Please mark on your calendars to attend given current discussions about the			Please mark on your calendars to attend given current discussions about the gas organization.
Could you add the names	Les - I received the following e-mail from Confirms in Houston re: deals for which they need unit names.. I sorted through the list and changed the purchases to no confirm, and these three deals are what s left.	I sorted through the list and changed the purchases to no confirm, and these three deals are what s left.	Could you add the names in the comments section?
CUSTOMER COMMENTS   FOR INFO PLEASE CALL  503 464-5070	Reservation status has changed.	Reservation status has changed.	Details of the reservation are listed below: ASSIGNMENT REF 30454 SELLER CODE AZPS SELLER DUNS PHONE CUSTOMER CODE EPMI CUSTOMER DUNS PHONE AFFILIATE FLAG 0 PATH NAME W/AZPS/AZPS-AZPS/FOURCORNE345 - PNPKAPS230// POINT OF RECEIPT FOURCORNE345 POINT OF DELIVERY PNPKAPS230 SOURCE FOURCORNERS SINK PNPK CAPACITY 25 CAPACITY REQUESTED 25 SERVICE INCREMENT HOURLY TS CLASS FIRM TS TYPE POINT TO POINT TS PERIOD OFF PEAK TS WINDOW FIXED TS SUBCLASS WHEEL NERC CURTAILMENT PRIORITY Nerc Priority 1 OTHER CURTAILMENT PRIORITY Default START TIME 05/17/2002 STOP TIME 05/18/2002 CEILING PRICE 1.95 OFFER PRICE 1.95 BID PRICE 1.95 PRICE UNITS /mW PRECONFIRMED YES ANC SVC LINK N/A ANC SVC REQ N/A POSTING REF 0 SALE REF REQUEST REF DEAL REF NEGOTIATED PRICE FLAG STATUS CONFIRMED STATUS NOTIFICATION lisa.gang enron.com STATUS COMMENTS TIME QUEUED 05/16/2002 TIME OF LAST UPDATE 05/16/2002 PRIMARY PROVIDER COMMENTS SELLER COMMENTS CUSTOMER COMMENTS FOR INFO PLEASE CALL PHONE SELLER NAME AZPS SELLER PHONE PHONE SELLER FAX PHONE SELLER EMAIL oasisadm apsc.com CUSTOMER NAME Enron Power Marketing, Inc.
Please forward the revised draft of the GE Consent to Winston   Strawn	I ve redlined the document against the previous version, but I don t think I picked up all the changes.. In addition to the marked changes, there are these changes:. D. third line, added Original before LM6000.. This change is made throughout the document.. D. pentultimate line, replaced EECC with ENA.. Dated everything December 15; added with respect to the Subject LM6000 Turbines after Original Turbine Contract throughout E. Added and between rights obligations in iii 2 c Added the Pastoria One-Train Turbine Contract in ii and iii .. Kay. OK with you guys for me to add this?. Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 12/08/2000 12:13 PM. Winston Strawn has asked that the following be added to the Consents to Assignment e.g., in the Successors and Assigns paragraph :. WestLB is an express third-party beneficiary of this Consent.	WestLB is an express third-party beneficiary of this Consent.	Please forward the revised draft of the GE Consent to Winston Strawn toxley winston.com .
Would you mind taking a look at this CP for me.	Hi guys-	Hi guys-	Would you mind taking a look at this CP for me.
Please call me to see if we can agree on the total nom.	Eileen, our Gas Control records indicate the following rate changes for March 26, 2001 flow: 20,000 rate 0900 to 1400 5hrs ; 40,000 rate 1400 to 0100 11hrs Nom.. for the day: 22,500 MMBTU.	for the day: 22,500 MMBTU.	Please call me to see if we can agree on the total nom.
list below, please send me an email or call me at 31653.	Ride packets will be available at my cube EB2414 after 2:00 today.	Ride packets will be available at my cube EB2414 after 2:00 today.	If you would like for me to pick up your race packet and your name IS NOT on the list below, please send me an email or call me at 31653.
Andy - can you please forward this email to your book person to change these			Andy - can you please forward this email to your book person to change these attached deals from ENA- PGL to ENA - and the actual counterparty.
return, please coordinate with Jeff Hodge.	Kim, Attached are the revised documents for Palo Alto.. The documents are revised to reflect the deal term comments that the City forwarded.. I changed the name of the document to Natural Gas Services Agreement to address their concerns about a non commodity agreement.. I have also added language requiring a City Council resolution to for this document.. Instead of a legal opinion, we would require the City Attorney to approve both the Natural Gas Services and Transaction Agreements.. In included a redline of the services agreement from the prior version.. The Transaction Agreement would not redline on MS word for some reason.. I will request my assistant to redline it for you on Monday using comparewrite.	I will request my assistant to redline it for you on Monday using comparewrite.	If you need help prior to my return, please coordinate with Jeff Hodge.
London office however and try to get him a paycheck quicker than that, please	Vince,. I just wanted to follow-up with you regarding the action items that were taken away from yesterday s meeting with you, Mike Roberts, Norma, and myself.. 1 Tony Hamilton As you know Tony s official start date was March 12, 2001, and he has yet to receive a paycheck.. London s pay cycles are different than ours however, and they only get paid on the 20th of each month.. Tony did not receive a paycheck on March 20th because all of his new hire information has to be put into SAP the payroll system by the first of the month for the employee to receive a check on the 20th.. Consequently, Tony will not receive his first paycheck until April 20th.	Consequently, Tony will not receive his first paycheck until April 20th.	If you would like for me to try and work with the London office however and try to get him a paycheck quicker than that, please let me know.
For hand delivery of your tickets, please provide an Enron location.			For hand delivery of your tickets, please provide an Enron location.
Alan, please pull together the recommendations on each of these issues and	Sen Wyden called Jeff Skilling and I subsequently spoke to his staffer, Joshua Sheinkman.. As you know, Wyden wants to introduce legislation to facilitate disclosure of operating information about the electric grid and is now looking for more details.. Wyden is not interested in pressing for additional disclosure of financial information.. The additional details they are looking for include: what information should be made available; when should it be made available, how should it be made available and who should make it available.. On this last point, I suggested that the legislation should apply to the transmission system operator, whoever that is i.e.. it could be an investor owned utility, a publicly-owned utility, an ISO or an RTO .. I also pointed out that FERC could make this happen by itself, except in the case of public utilities like BPA.. Extending FERC jurisdiction to these entities could be among the main benefits of the legislation.	Extending FERC jurisdiction to these entities could be among the main benefits of the legislation.	Alan, please pull together the recommendations on each of these issues and forward to Linda.
Can you help Jose try to pull	John, I jjust reviewed the interconnection memo from Claudia.. Once again it is weak on the situation and our remedies.	Once again it is weak on the situation and our remedies.	Can you help Jose try to pull this together.
Please read and see if it accurately reflects the essence of what you want to	Sally. Here is a rough draft of my notes from our visit yesterday.	Here is a rough draft of my notes from our visit yesterday.	Please read and see if it accurately reflects the essence of what you want to communicate.
2  Send this letter on to everyone you know so that	Hey everyone.. something fun to do for the kids.. This is from my home town so it d be cool if you help out!. Marsha. Hello!. We are in the 2nd grade at McComb Elementary School in Caro, Michigan.. We are located in Tuscola County, We have decided, after seeing this done at another school, to map an e-mail project.. We are curious to see where in the world our e-mail will travel via the Internet, between the period of February 1, 2001, May 1, 2001, only 3 months .. This is not a pen pal project, so we will not write you back unless you request it .We would like your help.. If you receive this message, we ask that you:. 1 e-mail back at: kfestian caro.k12.mi.us and tell us your city/state/location so we can plot it on our map	1 e-mail back at: kfestian caro.k12.mi.us and tell us your city/state/location so we can plot it on our map	2 Send this letter on to everyone you know so that they can send it on to everyone they know and so on to help us reach even more people.
Can you determine	We just received a letter from the PX asking us to enter into an indemnity agreement with them or requiring us to post collateral for the full amount of the unsecured credit exposure.. We are researching this issue from the EES side.. Wanda and Don, we are sending this letter to you.	Wanda and Don, we are sending this letter to you.	Can you determine what amounts we are talking about for EES?
ESA stuff  redlined against the master , please email it to my assistant,	I like that idea.. Do we know what the guarantee is supposed to look like?. I don t have the agreement with me see below .. At last word the Coral deal was sidelined.. More to come.. I m at home with a sick child today.	I m at home with a sick child today.	When you have a redlined version of the ESA stuff redlined against the master , please email it to my assistant, Suzanne Adams, so she can print it and have it delivered to my house.
Please, take a look at it.	John,. This is a resume I received today from my friend.	This is a resume I received today from my friend.	Please, take a look at it.
Could you resend this e-mail to me please.	Thank you for the coupon.. Unfortunately the link in the e-mail is not working, so I can t get to the part of the website to print off the coupon.	Unfortunately the link in the e-mail is not working, so I can t get to the part of the website to print off the coupon.	Could you resend this e-mail to me please.
Kay please send regrets - I think I am in Canada.			Kay please send regrets - I think I am in Canada.
To reply to our email administrator directly, please send an	In light of Kay s comments of last evening and our conference call of this afternoon, a revised version of the response to DEP s notice of change is enclosed.. Please let me have your comments ASAP, as it is important that we file this response today if at all possible.. Thanks!. Ryan. The information contained in this transmission may contain. privileged and confidential information.. It is intended only. for the use of the person s named above.. If you are not the. intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any review,. dissemination, distribution or duplication of this. communication is strictly prohibited.. If you are not the. intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply email. and destroy all copies of the original message.	and destroy all copies of the original message.	To reply to our email administrator directly, please send an
Please call Mike and Kent directly.			Please call Mike and Kent directly.
Please notice the individual assignments.			Please notice the individual assignments.
Please  approve via REPLY WITH HISTORY.	Christine, you need a comma between July and August.. Otherwise this looks fine.. TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE COMPANY CONTRACT APPROVAL REQUEST. Please review the attached non-standard discount letter to Phillips Petroleum Company.. Phillips has agree to extend their 30,000 Dth/d Ignacio to El Paso/Blanco contract for five years beginning 2/1/2001.. The one-part seasonal rate structure of .04 April-Oct and .035 Nov-March will escalate by .005 each of the last two years.. Phillips may use a south to north alternate flow path for an incremental .01 based on actual utilization.	Phillips may use a south to north alternate flow path for an incremental .01 based on actual utilization.	Please approve via REPLY WITH HISTORY.
Can you prepare a brief presentation that would serve as a discussion document for such a meeting.	Spoke with Ben Glisan re our conversation on retail credit and concluded that we should meet with some banks that specialize in this area.	Spoke with Ben Glisan re our conversation on retail credit and concluded that we should meet with some banks that specialize in this area.	Can you prepare a brief presentation that would serve as a discussion document for such a meeting.
Please call with questions.	Your office can open up the attached file to view our tracking as of last night.	Your office can open up the attached file to view our tracking as of last night.	Please call with questions.
Please review, make	Jeff, attached below is my first cut at the org memo.	Jeff, attached below is my first cut at the org memo.	Please review, make additions,comments and corrections and return it via a word document on email.
As we discussed, please verify or have verified by IT, the email and calendar access of Ted Murphy relative to Veronica Valdez.			As we discussed, please verify or have verified by IT, the email and calendar access of Ted Murphy relative to Veronica Valdez.
Call me to discuss.	Please confirm my opinion with Stuart/Chris Meyer to make sure that we have not granted any interconnection rights to Northern Border/Peoples.. We have not granted any interconnection rights to Northern Border/Peoples.. Don:. The questions that I was unable to answer for Excelon PECO during the Lincoln site visit are as follows:. 1.. What is the gas consumption per unit during start-up?. 2.. What is the reference for the 2nd ComEd Interconnection Feasibility Study?. Is this document on deal bench?. 3.. Do any other parties have a right to interconnect to the Project s gas pipeline lateral?. My input to these questions is:. 1.. None.. I am not familiar with this area.. 2.. I saw this 2nd study is out on deal bench at least a week ago.. As long as it wasn t removed, it should be there.. I do not know the reference .. 3.. I do not believe that any other parties have a right to connect to the gas lateral owned by Des Plaines LLC.. In fact, I believe that we are statutorily prevented from supplying gas to other end users - Des Plaines LLC is neither an interstate pipeline nor a gas LDC .. Please confirm my opinion with Stuart/Chris Meyer to make sure that we have not granted any interconnection rights to Northern Border/Peoples.	Please confirm my opinion with Stuart/Chris Meyer to make sure that we have not granted any interconnection rights to Northern Border/Peoples.	Call me to discuss.
Please contact Judy Nyegaard by e-mail			Please contact Judy Nyegaard by e-mail judy.nyegaard enron.com .
me a call at 31939 when you get a chance.	Sara, is there a policy on opening trading accounts?. How is the authorized trader list updated and do you know how it is communicated?	How is the authorized trader list updated and do you know how it is communicated?	Would you give me a call at 31939 when you get a chance.
please put in rolodex			please put in rolodex
Would you guys pull-up the attached file,	I m a man trapped in a woman s body... not really, this is Jeff Fawcett in Susan s office.. We re on a conference call with SoCalGas right now talking about the settlement document.	We re on a conference call with SoCalGas right now talking about the settlement document.	Would you guys pull-up the attached file, Primary Rights 4-12.doc and look it over, with particular reference to the section titled, Scheduling Priority?
Please review and let me know if	Attached is a redlined version of the agreement with the revisions.. Some revisions beyond those we discussed with BR were made strictly to clear up inconsistencies in the original document.	Some revisions beyond those we discussed with BR were made strictly to clear up inconsistencies in the original document.	Please review and let me know if you have any questions.
Would you also help me think of a good name for this portfolio  3 ?	Rod - As you suggested, I put all your companies into one portfolio to treat them separately in our risk management policy.. The vast majority of verbiage in the policy is specifically relegated to the trading portfolio, but I ll be sure to walk you through it next week and highlight anything that addresses this portfolio.. These portfolios really just represent different buckets of risk:. 1 Trading Portfolio 2 Merchant Portfolio 3 Regulated Domestic Asset Portfolio 4 Retail Portfolio 5 Other Assets and Contracts Portfolio 6 Capital Portfolio	1 Trading Portfolio 2 Merchant Portfolio 3 Regulated Domestic Asset Portfolio 4 Retail Portfolio 5 Other Assets and Contracts Portfolio 6 Capital Portfolio	Would you also help me think of a good name for this portfolio 3 ?
Also, don t forget to put notes in anytime you change	I m forwarding your message to the group here -we all wanna give you a big hug!. I never really said anything to Carla because I liked working with her, but that was always kind of a sticking point with the folks here in Houston -she never would tell us when something was changed so we would always have to run extra reports to make sure that we caught everything that might have gone into pending.. It wasn t a huge deal, but it certainly helps if you wanna drop an email or give us a call to let us know when anything changes -that s how we do it here; everyone knows to tell documentation when they revise any deals.	It wasn t a huge deal, but it certainly helps if you wanna drop an email or give us a call to let us know when anything changes -that s how we do it here; everyone knows to tell documentation when they revise any deals.	Also, don t forget to put notes in anytime you change anything in Deal Entry to CYA.
please give me or Mike a call.	Mr. Bonica Mr. Cones,. Please find the attached Interruptible Gas Transportation Agreement for your review and comment.. The document incorporates the changes to the assignment and arbitration provisions discussed yesterday.	The document incorporates the changes to the assignment and arbitration provisions discussed yesterday.	If you have any questions, please give me or Mike a call.
yes, please forward summaries for Sierra Pacific - they are much			Dan, yes, please forward summaries for Sierra Pacific - they are much appreciated.
Please send resumes to:	Dear Alumni,. Transistor 8, LLC is searching for a Senior Executive to be in charge of marketing and sales for their company.. Interested candidates should contact Jonathan Snyder to apply.. Contact e-mail is listed below.. Thank you.. Company Name: Transistor 8 www.transistor8.com Industry: Technology/Consulting Services Location: Santa Monica, CA Position: Sales/Marketing Executive. Opportunity: Senior executive in charge of sales and marketing for a professional technology services company which services clients in the financial services, entertainment, legal and advertising industries.. Responsibilities include: developing a sales/marketing strategy, lead generation, account management, developing sales collateral, and building a sales force.. Professional sales or marketing experience preferred.	Professional sales or marketing experience preferred.	Please send resumes to:
Please review the attached standard discount letter to Agave Energy Company	OK. DF. TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE COMPANY CONTRACT APPROVAL FORM	TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE COMPANY CONTRACT APPROVAL FORM	Please review the attached standard discount letter to Agave Energy Company Agave .
Pls get me scheduled on the 13th.			Pls get me scheduled on the 13th.
email me your mailing addresss so i may prepare to send it the moment i			Congrats, you have won my auction for the Flagship Executor ccg....Please email me your mailing addresss so i may prepare to send it the moment i receive payment....shipping North America typically ranges from 2 to 4 Dollars US depending on how fast you would like it....if you want it just normal mail in my past experience 8-10 days just add 2 dollars to the total... S please send money order to: Mike Chisholm 29 1120 Guisachan Rd Kelowna B.C.
Please review the comments and let me know	Clement, Attached is a form of Enron Guaranty which has been marked up by the counterparty.. The guaranty would back to LLC which are owned by ENA to develop power plants.. The guaranty backs a Precedent Agreement and a long term firm transport agreement.	The guaranty backs a Precedent Agreement and a long term firm transport agreement.	Please review the comments and let me know what you think.
Please deliver to me print outs of the Gas   Power P Ls for the	Chris,. Whalley will be on vacation all next week and I ll need to fax him copies of the P Ls.	Whalley will be on vacation all next week and I ll need to fax him copies of the P Ls.	Please deliver to me print outs of the Gas Power P Ls for the week of February 14.
Call the the Health Center at ext. 3-6100 or send an email to mailto:health.center enron.com to schedule an appointment.			The Wellness Department has scheduled a blood drive on Thursday, March 14, from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. An M.D.
Please confirm this	Steve Kean, of Enron, will be attending on May 22nd.. Dear All:. We are pleased that you will attend the May 22-23 Forum on Securing the Energy Future of the Western United States in Denver.	We are pleased that you will attend the May 22-23 Forum on Securing the Energy Future of the Western United States in Denver.	Please confirm this by sending a quick note in reply to this e-mail that you can attend.
RUTH and DON -- please add any additional thoughts.	Hello Chris --. Some initial thoughts:. The American Banking Association just sent a letter on the issue.. see attached Their definition of financial electronic trading networks are entities that facilitate the trading, settling, or clearing of financial instruments, ATSs, and any other system the SEC or Congress may designate as well as other similar entities that may develop in the banking or insurance areas.. Because the new jurisdiction of the Financial Services Committee is general in this area, our discussion on Friday speculated that jurisdiction for ECN s would be determined by product.. For example, financial products would fall under the Financial Services Committee but that ECN s on other products such as agriculture or energy and metals may fall under separate committees such as Agriculture or Commerce and Energy.. ISDA will be sending its own letter on the issue.. We must decide if our recommendation should also include comments on the treatment of energy, metals and agricultural ECN s. If so, we must decide if we will recommend that all jurisdiction for ECN s including energy, metals and ags should reside in the Financial Services Committee or if this jurisdiction should reside in multiple committees.. Hope this is helpful.	Hope this is helpful.	RUTH and DON -- please add any additional thoughts.
As discussed could you please email me with a suggested talk title and	Dear Steven,. Further to our conversation I am delighted that you will be speaking at the forthcoming Real Options conference which will take place on Monday 27th Tuesday 28th November in Central London.. I have attached the pdf of the conference Vince spoke at in February and the draft programme of the November conference.	I have attached the pdf of the conference Vince spoke at in February and the draft programme of the November conference.	As discussed could you please email me with a suggested talk title and between 5 and 8 bullet points to be included in the conference programme.
please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at  713  345-8897 or me at  713	At the request of Bob Shults, I am attaching our proposed forms of Broker Electronic Transaction Agreement and Fee Agreement.. I understand from Bob Shults that we still need to define who the legal contracting party will be for APB Energy-Europe.	I understand from Bob Shults that we still need to define who the legal contracting party will be for APB Energy-Europe.	After you have had a chance to review the agreements, please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at PHONE or me at 7 PHONE with any questions or comments you might have.
Please read the attached correspondence from Brent regarding the controls and			Please read the attached correspondence from Brent regarding the controls and standards we have been discussing.
your organization, please provide your name, company name, e-mail address	Due to system constraints all Shippers must stay within contract swing limits.. Imbalance makeup may be scheduled with prior approval from your Transportation Administrator.. In our ongoing effort to keep TXU Lone Star Pipeline customers aware of current Daily Available Capacity on our system, TXU Lone Star Pipeline is pleased to provide you an estimate of available capacity on the TXU Lone Star Pipeline system.. This is a Microsoft Excel document.. Simply click on the attachment to view or download to your hard drive.	Simply click on the attachment to view or download to your hard drive.	If you wish to be removed from this notification, or if you wish to add another person from your organization, please provide your name, company name, e-mail address and/or fax number to David Flowers at PHONE or via e-mail at davidflowers txu.com .
Please review and	Paul,. Attached is the latest version of the Transaction Agreement which incorporates the changes that were discussed yesterday.	Attached is the latest version of the Transaction Agreement which incorporates the changes that were discussed yesterday.	Please review and give me you comments.
Please reply to this e-mail and I will send pictures, detailed specifications and an ask price.	300/600/1200/2400 Hour Inspections complied with at Bombardier 8/00.. 12/24/36/72 Month Inspections complied with at Bombardier 8/00.. 60 Month complied with at Bombardier 8/99.. Both 120 Month and Landing Gear restoration due 12/04.	Both 120 Month and Landing Gear restoration due 12/04.	Please reply to this e-mail and I will send pictures, detailed specifications and an ask price.
As discussed, please see the following transactions and prepare Confirms for same.	The following information is being sent at the request of Debra Perlingiere.	The following information is being sent at the request of Debra Perlingiere.	As discussed, please see the following transactions and prepare Confirms for same.
Can you locate this document in the data room and forward to stuart zisman?	Ben:	Ben:	Can you locate this document in the data room and forward to stuart zisman?
Could you please organize interviews for Mr. Ball with the usual Research			Shirley: Could you please organize interviews for Mr. Ball with the usual Research suspects, including Alex Huang and Tanya Tamerchenko?
Can you check with her and see why they are	There are 4 deals that are marked not to be confirmed for Pacificorp.. They are all Diana Scholtes deals.	They are all Diana Scholtes deals.	Can you check with her and see why they are coded not to be confirmed or if we need to confirm them?
To reserve a seat, please call Stephanie E. Taylor at	Seats fill up fast!	Seats fill up fast!	To reserve a seat, please call Stephanie E. Taylor at 5-7928
Please call him at 713-345-7105	Andy Edison at Enron knows about this.	Andy Edison at Enron knows about this.	Please call him at PHONE
Please, take a look at this resume.	Scott,	Scott,	Please, take a look at this resume.
print out the signature pages and send them back to you by express mail  2	Hi Brett,. I haven t seen the fax yet.. I ll check around.. Maybe it got stuck in the wrong pile.. Kay. Kay:. Did you receive the signature pages I sent by fax?. The quickest way to get original signatures from me is to send the originals electronically.	The quickest way to get original signatures from me is to send the originals electronically.	I will print out the signature pages and send them back to you by express mail 2 days from here .
give me a call when you return.	Sounds good.	Sounds good.	give me a call when you return.
To complete your assessment, please open your internet browser and go to the	REMINDER. We have yet to receive your feedback.. Your input is very valuable and to be included in the participant s summary report, it must be received BY CLOSE OF BUSINESS Tuesday, September 12.. The internet link and your ID are noted below.. Thank you for your participation.. Power of Communication Program IMMEDIATE ACTION REQUIRED - Do Not Delete. As part of the Power of Communication Program, each participant is asked to gather input on the participant s own management styles and practices as experienced by their immediate manager, each direct report, and up to eight peers/colleagues.. You have been requested to provide feedback for a participant attending the next program.. Your input i.e., a Self assessment, Manager assessment, Direct Report assessment, or Peer/Colleague assessment will be combined with the input of others and used by the program participant to develop an action plan to improve his/her management styles and practices.. It is important that you complete this assessment NO LATER THAN CLOSE OF BUSINESS Tuesday, September 12.. Since the feedback is such an important part of the program, the participant will be asked to cancel his/her attendance if not enough feedback is received.. Therefore, your feedback is critical.	Therefore, your feedback is critical.	To complete your assessment, please open your internet browser and go to the following web site:
Could you please set up a meeting to review the facilities that I excluded	Kathy,	Kathy,	Could you please set up a meeting to review the facilities that I excluded from the Project Torque Analysis.
Please review the	Greg. Original email that was sent to me, also was suppose to be sent to you, but it went to the wrong Greg Woulfe.. So here it is.. Also, date of filing is wrong.. We want to file this Friday, the 21st.. Let me know if you have any thoughts/changes.. Thanks. Elizabeth. 36349. We are planning to file suit against Calpine next Friday.	We are planning to file suit against Calpine next Friday.	Please review the attached draft petition and let me ext.
Please run a report summarizing the P L at Socal Topock, PG E	Anne, We would like to know the P L for trading California gas this year for physical only.	Anne, We would like to know the P L for trading California gas this year for physical only.	Please run a report summarizing the P L at Socal Topock, PG E Topock, Socal Ehrenberg, Ca Production, PG E Topock, Malin, etc.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Diana Spencer 11155 Roseland Road - 2 Sebastian, FL 3 dianas macho.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Rodney, please give Cliff a call.			Rodney, please give Cliff a call.
Please sell this power real time.	We parked some length with EL Paso for this morning 04/11 at PV.. We need to sell the energy at PV.. The length is in Enpower already.. Please make the sale at PV under ST-SW. Aepco, MWD, TNP and LDWP should be buying.. The price for deal 577883 goes in the model...not the price you sold it at.. EPE length is in Enpower, deal 577883, this will be out in RT Position Manager.. 56mws for the day.. The schedule is as follows:. HE 1 8 mws HE2 8 mws HE3 8 mws HE4 8mws HE5 8mws HE6 10mws HE24 6mws. TOTAL 56mws	TOTAL 56mws	Please sell this power real time.
Please add Financial and Control group to these book requests if they are missing.			Please add Financial and Control group to these book requests if they are missing.
Would you please request?	Tana: Mike E. Kelly mid market power would like access to the database.	Tana: Mike E. Kelly mid market power would like access to the database.	Would you please request?
Please coordinate with PGE on the comments.			Please coordinate with PGE on the comments.
PLEASE DIRECT ALL INQUIRIES TO  ONEPASS COAIR.COM	No weekend Plans?. Don t worry; we ve got you covered.. Low, last-minute fares are available every week to help you visit family, friends and many great destinations around the country.. CO.O.L.. Travel Specials are a great way to burn those extra OnePass miles.. Don t miss out on any more opportunities.. Register today with your OnePass number for CO.O.L.. Travel Specials e-mail and get ready for your next trip. Earn 500 Bonus miles every night - There s Still Time.. As a Continental OnePass member, when you register for Miles-By-Night SM , you earn 500 bonus miles every night you stay at participating hotels during March and April 2001 in addition to the 500 bonus miles you usually earn per stay .. The Miles-By-Night bonus is available at more than 140 participating Westin Hotels Resortsc, Sheraton Hotels Resortsc, St. Regisc, The Luxury Collectionc and W Hotelsc in the U.S.. Big Apple Bonus When you stay at any of our nine New York City Manhattan hotels, you ll receive 1,000 bonus miles instead of 500!. There s no limit to the bonus miles you can earn during this promotion!. You must register for Miles-By-Night to earn OnePass bonus miles.. Just click the link below for more information and to register.. Start earning tonight!. mbn.0mm.com/al/em/co. Terms and Conditions. UNFORTUNATELY MAIL SENT TO THIS ADDRESS CANNOT BE ANSWERED.	UNFORTUNATELY MAIL SENT TO THIS ADDRESS CANNOT BE ANSWERED.	PLEASE DIRECT ALL INQUIRIES TO ONEPASS COAIR.COM
Kindly forward this announcement to your colleagues who might benefit from attending these events.	Electricity Risk Management 101 Workshop. And. Portfolio Optimization for Electric Utilities Conference. January 22-25, 2002, New York City, NY. OVERVIEW. In the current environment of volatile energy prices and deregulation, it has become increasingly more important for the electricity industry to learn how to manage price risk.. EUCI presents two events formatted for the beginner to the expert in price risk management.. The first Workshop is designed for the beginner with no prior experience in risk management and introduces the basic vocabulary and concepts in a concise and easily understandable format which forms the foundation for the more advanced concepts applied in the second event Conference .. The brochure for the Electricity Risk Management 101 Workshop and the Portfolio Optimization for Electric Utilities Conference can be obtained by clicking on the link below:. http://www.euci.com/pdf/risk mgmt.pdf. Transmission Expansion and Systems in Transition Conference. Feb. 5-8, 2002, Miami, Florida. OVERVIEW. This conference will examine the business and regulatory challenges to U.S. electric systems in transition in effectively expanding transmission capacity to meet new demands in the larger and more competitive regional markets emerging under FERC s RTO initiatives.. The conference will review the parameters of these challenges and possible solutions to them.. It will examine technology options and new business models for transmission expansion.. It will analyze emerging proposals for effective transmission planning and pricing, including market-based pricing alternatives to FERC s traditional pricing methods.. The conference will also discuss what it will take in legislative action and regulatory initiative to achieve an efficient regime for ensuring that the nation has a reliable grid and regional trading system.. The brochure for the Conference and associated Workshops can be obtained by clicking on the link below:. http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans expn.pdf. We are pleased to announce two new conferences to be held in Atlanta, GA in March 2002.. The conferences and their links are as follows. Electricity Market Design Conference, March 25-26, 2002, Wyndham Hotel Downtown, Atlanta, GA. http://www.euci.com/confoverview.asp?ConfID 16. Power Generation Asset and Portfolio Management Conference, March 27-28, 2001, Wyndham Hotel, Downtown, Atlanta, GA. http://www.euci.com/confoverview.asp?ConfID 15. Please print the brochure and fax the registration form back to us at PHONE if you would like to attend any of these events.. You can also register by calling us at PHONE or online.. We have updated our website to include new conference proceedings on recently-held Electric Power Market Performance , Performance-Based Ratemaking , Ancillary Services , Performance Management for Electric Distribution Companies , Power Generation Asset Management , and Power T D Asset Management conferences.. Please visit www.euci.com http://www.euci.com/ and review the conference proceedings section for these and other proceedings.	Please visit www.euci.com http://www.euci.com/ and review the conference proceedings section for these and other proceedings.	Kindly forward this announcement to your colleagues who might benefit from attending these events.
Give me a call with any	fyi...hopefully this will help.... Attached is a file showing various meter numbers.	Attached is a file showing various meter numbers.	Give me a call with any questions.
Please provide Dave the Post ID for the ngpropt book for the COB 3-29-01	Dave,. One more time on the skew test.. Please run the calcs tonight for the ngpropt book along with the calls and puts calcs.. Use the last skew table that you got from John Griffith.. If everything looks good then we will move everything into production.. Errol,	Errol,	Please provide Dave the Post ID for the ngpropt book for the COB 3-29-01
How much gas can you get me at BGE today?			Hi, How much gas can you get me at BGE today?
Will you please contact them again.			Will you please contact them again.
These are a priority for Carolyn, so please coordinate with her on getting	Attached are three worksheets for new counterparties for Carolyn Abramo.	Attached are three worksheets for new counterparties for Carolyn Abramo.	These are a priority for Carolyn, so please coordinate with her on getting these out ASAP.
Gerald, pls review economics sheet.			Gerald, pls review economics sheet.
Can you please help Jane in putting credit language into the confirmation of	Sara -	Sara -	Can you please help Jane in putting credit language into the confirmation of a Japanese deal?
Could you please send me the Excel or place it in the dropbox.	John Griffith is asking that we implement in TAGG/ERMS the Asian options that are now valued in a Excel spreadsheet - these are the Asian options that are similar to Gas Daily options.	John Griffith is asking that we implement in TAGG/ERMS the Asian options that are now valued in a Excel spreadsheet - these are the Asian options that are similar to Gas Daily options.	Could you please send me the Excel or place it in the dropbox.
Please bill California Paperboard 14650	Anne, can you look at this deal and check to see how it was priced?. Forwarded by Mike Grigsby/HOU/ECT on 03/20/2001 04:41 PM. Are you the trader on this deal???. See details below.. Should this deal be in Sitara under two separate deals with the counterparties listed below???. Please advise ASAP.. They will not pay until this matter is resolved.. Thanks Darla. There is another problem on the invoice.. According to the PG E transportation billing Newark Sierra Paperboard used 72758 mmbtu and California Paperboard used 14650 mmbtu.. The total mmbtu invoiced should be 87408 mmbtu not 87800 mmbtu.	The total mmbtu invoiced should be 87408 mmbtu not 87800 mmbtu.	Please bill California Paperboard 14650 mmbtu instead.
Please review the database for all findings related to	Dear Shawn,. It is unfortunate Tom did not bring up these points when the three of us discussed this on Monday.. I am unclear as to whether the work AA was planning to do on power is for their internal or external purposes as when asked directly Jennifer Stevenson said that it was for both audits which, as you know, is frowned upon by the SEC .. In fact, Stacey was not part of the Doorstep team.. Additionally Risk Operations myself did not set up or perform the deal test.. Instead, this test was set up by AA and performed by members of RAC.. This can be considered a internal audit for AA s purposes.. Although it seemed that we had an agreement on Monday, it now looks as if you, Tom and I need to meet again and establish some additional ground rules in order to eliminate duplication of work.. Regards. Shona. Please see below from Tom.. It may be that they will not be able to rely on the work because this group is not independent and objective as an internal audit group should be by design.. I will keep you posted on anything I hear.. SK. I am fordwarding to you the list of items we recently discussed in our Trading status meeting.. This list was compiled specifically for that meeting to illustrate some representative findings and observations.. It is not a comprehensive summary.	It is not a comprehensive summary.	Please review the database for all findings related to our controls testing.
Please respond to kaplan			Katie Kaplan kaplan iepa.com 12/20/2000 12:27 PM Please respond to kaplan To: Douglas Kerner DKK eslawfirm.com , Andy Brown ABB eslawfirm.com , B Brown Andy andybrwn earthlink.net , Baker Carolyn cabaker duke-energy.com , Bob Weisenmiller rbw mrwassoc.com , Curtis Kebler curtis l kebler reliantenergy.com , Greg Blue gtbl dynegy.com , Jan Smutny-Jones smutny iepa.com , Jean Munoz jmunoz mcnallytemple.com , Jeff Dasovich Jeff.Dasovich enron.com , Joe Ronan joer calpine.com , John Stout John H Stout reliantenergy.com , Julee Malinowski-Ball jmball ns.net , Karen Edson kedson ns.net , Kassandra Gough kgough calpine.com , Katie Kaplan kaplan iepa.com , kent Palmerton kent.palmerton williams.com , Kristin Vellandi kvellandi pstrategies.com , Lynn Lednicky lale dynegy.com , Marty Wilson mwilson pstrategies.com , McNally Ray rmcnally mcnallytemple.com , Norton Kelli knorton mcnallytemple.com , Paula Hall-Collins paula.hall-collins williams.com , Pigott Jack jackp calpine.com , Richard Hyde rwhyde duke-energy.com , Rob Lamkin rllamkin seiworldwide.com , Stephanie-Newell stephanie-newell reliantenergy.com , Sue Mara smara enron.com , Tom Ross tross mcnallytemple.com cc: Jan Smutny-Jones smutny iepa.com , Carol H Hudson Chudson iepa.com , Steven Kelly steven iepa.com Subject: Rosenfield exposes phony bankruptcy
Please adjust the sithe storage account to a price of  0, instead of wacog.			Jim, Please adjust the sithe storage account to a price of 0, instead of wacog.
Any questions please give me a call.  j.  floyd			-bcc: X-Folder: LBLAIR Non-Privileged Blair, Lynn Inbox X-Origin: Blair-L X-FileName: LBLAIR Non-Privileged .pst
PLEASE REVIEW THE NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER BELOW	3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D As requested, your News Alert for YHOO follows from EquityAlert.com.. To edit/discontinue your alerts please refer to end of message.	To edit/discontinue your alerts please refer to end of message.	PLEASE REVIEW THE NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER BELOW 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D
Can you get this for him.			Can you get this for him.
Can you give him a  call and chat with him for 10 minutes.	Louise,. Thanks.. His E-mail address is ekrapels esaibos.com.. The company. coordinates are as follows:. ESAI 301 Edgewater Place, Suite 108 Wakefield, MA 018 PHONE PHONE . Vince. Absolutely - I can t find the previous email but it may have been lost during the few days they moved my email box from London to Houston - I know I had a lot of lost emails - do you have his phone number and email and we can sort out a password for a few days for him too.. Louise. Louise,. Some time ago I sent you a message regarding Ed Krapels.. He is writing a book on energy commodity markets and would like to learn more about EOL.	He is writing a book on energy commodity markets and would like to learn more about EOL.	Can you give him a call and chat with him for 10 minutes.
Please, check with	Naveen,. Most of these tests have been already coded.. The code and the associated spreadsheets may have been lost inn the sands of time.	The code and the associated spreadsheets may have been lost inn the sands of time.	Please, check with Vasant: it may save you some time.
Please forward to this to any others on your team s  you think appropriate.	Check out WSJ- Page A2.. Also,Bill Bradford in Rick buy s group is person most proficient on credit issues relative to the three calif. utilities.. I will also get back to you this afternoon........The CPUC is scheduled to issue orders today at 12:00 CST that may dramatically affect credit ratings of the 3 utilities.. Rick/Jeff - I just spoke with John Sherriff and mentioned to him how on top of California you guys were.. As you may be aware, we are making markets in the credit of many utilities and telcomm companies, via EnronCredit.com.. Brian Seyfried is the commercial leader for this business.. John has asked me to ask you, if you become aware of significant developments, in the public sector not privileged/insider information , bearing on creditworthiness/ability to pay by California utilities, would you please keep us informed, as we will have a keen interest in these developments?	John has asked me to ask you, if you become aware of significant developments, in the public sector not privileged/insider information , bearing on creditworthiness/ability to pay by California utilities, would you please keep us informed, as we will have a keen interest in these developments?	Please forward to this to any others on your team s you think appropriate.
Tana, would you please e-mail a sample ISDA to Mr. Ray Cunningham of Exxon			Tana, would you please e-mail a sample ISDA to Mr. Ray Cunningham of Exxon and let me know when you ve done so.
Please revise /or replace these GTCs in name only to Torch Energy Marketing,	Following are the deal numbers for the GTS discussed earlier:. N34419.1 /123489 NC4218.1/ 219705 NC4218.3/219705	N34419.1 /123489 NC4218.1/ 219705 NC4218.3/219705	Please revise /or replace these GTCs in name only to Torch Energy Marketing, Inc.
Please respond to ice so that they can nix the deal and the commissions.			Please respond to ice so that they can nix the deal and the commissions.
Please provide any comments with regard to	I am in the process of firing the off the first shot to Cinergy for a 5 or 10 year toll starting 1/1/03.	I am in the process of firing the off the first shot to Cinergy for a 5 or 10 year toll starting 1/1/03.	Please provide any comments with regard to pricing, etc.
Please update me with where things stand on Columbia, both with respect to			Susan: Please update me with where things stand on Columbia, both with respect to the assignment of transactions with Columbia Masters to our Masters and assignment of confirms without Masters to our Master, to the extent that we have one.
2:00 please call my cell phone.	Carol,. I have attached the items you requested.. If you need any further information please let me know.	If you need any further information please let me know.	I work in the evenings so if you need anything before 2:00 please call my cell phone.
Please respond to  The Alliance of Energy Suppliers   alliance eei.org			The Alliance of Energy Suppliers alliance eei.org ls.eei.org on 11/09/2000 02:51:56 PM Please respond to The Alliance of Energy Suppliers alliance eei.org Sent by: bounce-app-ippexecs-33275 ls.eei.org To: Generation and Power Marketing Executives app-ippexecs ls.eei.org cc: Subject: Alliance Info Alert - FERC Reporting
Pat,  Please print these for me.			Pat, Please print these for me.
the deals listed below and make sure the location field on the deal exchange	Chris, Faye has completed moving all of the facilities on your request, EXCEPT meter 006335 because a deal that is booked on that meter had volumes with a status other than expected which means we have to work on that behind the scenes.. Below is a list of deals that were impacted by her moving all of the other meters.. I am bouncing the server and it wil take about 15 minutes to complete.. After that, you will have to get completely out of all open Sitara applications including the Launch Pad and get back in.	After that, you will have to get completely out of all open Sitara applications including the Launch Pad and get back in.	Open the deals listed below and make sure the location field on the deal exchange says inconsistent .
Please review it and discuss any questions you may have with Gerald.	Dear Art,. As we discussed, Enron North America ENA is very interested in purchasing your Powder River gas supplies at Glenrock.. The market at Glenrock is forecasted to be very constrained over the next 12 months until the loop of the WIC Medicine Bow Lateral is completed.. Therefore, we are not able to offer a firm price or firm takes during this period.. However, ENA is the top natural gas marketer in North America, and we hold firm transportation on WIC and CIG which is complimented by our firm markets on KMI.. These skills and assets enable us to offer you competitive pricing and takes during this difficult period.. Aligning yourself with ENA will prove to be valuable as you try to bring to market your estensive Powder River production.. We will work with you to develop a portfolio of daily and monthly pricing which will mirror you production requirements.. And as you get a better feel for when your production will ready to flow we will be able to provide you the market price at that time.. For consideration, we are buying other gas under similiar monthly arrangements and are offering the following terms for the month of January.. Price: 80 of forecasted daily volume at Inside FERC CIG North System first of the month Index minus .12 20 of forcecated daily volume at Gas Daily CIG North System Mid Point Index minus .15. Generally if gas is expected to begin flowing during the month we will price it at 100 Gas Daily minus the current market discount until a stable production level is established.. As you get a better idea of when your gas will flow, let s discuss the pricing at that particular point in time.. It would be helpful if you could provide us with a forecast of your production for the next year in order for us to build your volumes into our planning forecast.. You should have received a draft contract from our attorney, Gerald Nemec.	You should have received a draft contract from our attorney, Gerald Nemec.	Please review it and discuss any questions you may have with Gerald.
TAMMI, can you verify if deal  s	Alrighty.. Here is a complete look at what we have pending with Alagasco.. I m expecting a call back next week from Amy McEntire Alagasco s attorney in regards to further instruction on what to do with the stragglers outstanding deals .. Based on my conversations today, it appears that Alagasco is showing these deals on other CES contracts contracts for which we are encountering a volume constraint , if we can verify this via confirmations Jennifer Blay is currently researching then the issue will be volume constraints rather than term dates.	Based on my conversations today, it appears that Alagasco is showing these deals on other CES contracts contracts for which we are encountering a volume constraint , if we can verify this via confirmations Jennifer Blay is currently researching then the issue will be volume constraints rather than term dates.	TAMMI, can you verify if deal s PHONE 01 are CES deals or ENA deals there are no notes relating there back to CES ?
FYI - Could you please input this information into the model we are			FYI - Could you please input this information into the model we are developing for the Rochester Project.
225,000 and we need your help.	It is my sincere honor to once again lead the Enron team in this year s Juvenile Diabetes Foundation JDF walk scheduled to take place on Sunday, November 5, 2000, at the Sam Houston Race Park.. I continue to serve on the board of JDF representing Enron and will be Enron s corporate executive for this year s fundraising efforts.. As many of you may already know, I am an insulin dependent diabetic myself.. Even though I know how difficult this disease can be to manage with the multiple finger pricks for blood samples and several shots each day, I cannot imagine how difficult it is for a small child with this disease.. Taking insulin does not cure the disease nor prevent the development of complications; insulin is simply their life support system and without it they would die.. Enron continues to be a major corporate sponsor for JDF again this year.. JDF is a very efficient organization in which approximately 84 of all money raised goes directly to research.	JDF is a very efficient organization in which approximately 84 of all money raised goes directly to research.	Enron s goal this year is to raise 225,000 and we need your help.
Can you put this file in the appropriate directory, and create the necessary	Amanda,	Amanda,	Can you put this file in the appropriate directory, and create the necessary link under the Testing tab of the fundamentals website.
Tana:  Can you make a copy of the most recent draft and get on my calendar			Tana: Can you make a copy of the most recent draft and get on my calendar before Monday so that we can discuss.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Ana Thomas 2197 S. Uecker 911 Lewisville, TX 75067 atandmh earthlink.net. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please add your insert to this version.			Please add your insert to this version.
Tom, Go ahead and make these changes in Sitara.			Tom, Go ahead and make these changes in Sitara.
Please respond to  dvigil vidmon.com			Dave Vigil dvigil vidmon.com on 09/07/2000 11:00:21 AM Please respond to dvigil vidmon.com To: aschmid enron.com cc:
Please insert names and other	fyi.. Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 04/17/2001 11:03 AM. Gentlemen:. We have enclosed drafts of the following documents:. 1.. Resolutions of sole member of Salmon Energy LLC authorizing the turbine acquisition and related documents; 2.. Incumbency Certificate of ENA for the escrow agent; and 3.. Incumbency Certificate of PPL for the escrow agent.. The resolutions authorize the turbine contract, the loan from PPL, and the G/E consent and agreement.. I have also drafted resolutions to be dated the day following closing to elect as directors the persons named in the Amended and Restated LLC Agreement need the names of these persons - three designees of PPL and one designee of ENA and to replace the officers of the LLC with persons designated by PPL.. If the lender desires Salmon resolutions authorizing a security agreement to be signed by Salmon, we would recommend that the new Salmon board controlled by PPL sign resolutions ratifying and approving the security agreement, rather than have ENA approve a security agreement that it has not negotiated and is not familiar with.. From a timing standpoint, we need to focus on the documentation required to set up the escrow account, as I understand that the escrow may be funded on the same day as the financial closing, namely, Thursday, April 19.. Citibank will need I the escrow agreement, ii an incumbency certificate from each party to the escrow agreement, iii a W-9 signed by each non-corporate party to the escrow agreement, and iv a signed fee agreement.. The incumbency certificates are enclosed.	The incumbency certificates are enclosed.	Please insert names and other information as appropriate.
Please check the University of California Energy Institute web site	Sevil,. No problem.. Vince. Vince,	Vince,	Please check the University of California Energy Institute web site http://www.ucei.berkeley.edu/ucei/ .
If possible, please review before the meeting.	Lisa J. Mellencamp Enron North America Corp. - Legal 1400 Smith St. Houston, TX 77002 Tel: PHONE Fax: PHONE E-mail: Lisa.Mellencamp enron.com. The attached presentation is intended as a resource for tomorrow s meeting concerning the restructuring of Enron s gas agreement with Sithe Independence.	The attached presentation is intended as a resource for tomorrow s meeting concerning the restructuring of Enron s gas agreement with Sithe Independence.	If possible, please review before the meeting.
Please fax the agreement to 646-758-4411 and 201-524-2080			Please fax the agreement to PHONE and PHONE
To subscribe to the list by e-mail, send a blank e-mail to	Do you want to give your child a head start in school?. Try Hooked on Phonics.. 20 Instant Savings - Click here!. http://quinst.com/clk/mogelepgeichimmalt. The Word of the Day for October 28 is:. veritable VAIR-uh-tuh-bul adjective : being in fact the thing named and not false, unreal, or imaginary. Example sentence: Todd is a veritable wellspring of information on local history and folklore.. Did you know?. Veritable, like its close relative verity truth , came to English through Middle French from Latin.. It is ultimately derived from verus, the Latin word for true, which also gave us verify, aver, and verdict.. Veritable is often used as a synonym of genuine or authentic a veritable masterpiece , but it is also used to stress the aptness of a metaphor, often in a humorous tone a veritable swarm of lawyers .. In the past, usage commentators have objected to the latter use, but today it doesn t draw much criticism.. Brought to you by Merriam-Webster, Inc. http://www.Merriam-Webster.com. Do you have the skills you need to get a good job?. If you want to secure your future, you need training.. http://links.quinstreet.com/adclick?area fensuihagunduo. Visit http://www.Merriam-Webster.com/service/subinst.htm to subscribe to or unsubscribe from the Word of the Day mailing list.	Visit http://www.Merriam-Webster.com/service/subinst.htm to subscribe to or unsubscribe from the Word of the Day mailing list.	To subscribe to the list by e-mail, send a blank e-mail to mw-wod-subscribe-request listserv.webster.m-w.com.
Please review with Ken Lay.	Greg,	Greg,	Please review with Ken Lay.
Alos, could you please	Brenda: Here is that internal memo that I was referring to.	Brenda: Here is that internal memo that I was referring to.	Alos, could you please have Joyce send those resumes to me as we are anxious to talk to the candidates as soon as possible.
Can you provide me with the appropriate signature block for ENA/ECT	thanks.	thanks.	Can you provide me with the appropriate signature block for ENA/ECT Investments Inc. through the agent?
After friday, I will no longer have access to the estate, so if you could shoot this off over night so I could have something in the morning to work with I would appreciate it.	Sanjeev,. I should have a list of post-id s for you by 4:30 today.	I should have a list of post-id s for you by 4:30 today.	After friday, I will no longer have access to the estate, so if you could shoot this off over night so I could have something in the morning to work with I would appreciate it.
fill out the form below and return it to us, or provide the	Do you owe money?. Is it getting troublesome keeping track of all those bills and whom you owe how much and when?. Would it not be easier if you could just make 1 monthly payment instead of several?. We can help!. If your debts are 4,000 US or more and you are a United States citizen, you can consolidate your debt into just one easy payment!. You do not have to own a home, nor do you need to take out a loan.. Credit checks are not required!	Credit checks are not required!	To receive more information regarding our services, please fill out the form below and return it to us, or provide the necessary information in your response.
Call me to discuss the timing of drafting such an LOI.	Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 02/12/2001 01:58 PM. Fred,. Sounds do able .. Please contemplate what would be acceptable as outs for them and for us.. A,lso, will you be getting RAC involved soon since we are contemplating a binding agreement in the near future?. My best guess is that the LOI will be prepared in house, but I will discuss this with Carlos, and we will advise K S of their role.. Thanks,. Kay. Kay:. I talked with PSEG this morning.. PSEG would like to negotiate and sign a binding LOI regarding the Kendall project site in Illinois prior to negotiating and executing the Definitive SPA.. The specifics of this LOI are:. PSEG would pay an up-front 300,000 payment to ENA This payment would be non-refundable unless PSEG discovered a fatal flaw in the project we will have to carefully define this concept The binding LOI would establish a date by which the SPA would be executed or PSEG would forfeit the up-front payment The 2.7 MM balance of the Purchase Price would be due upon closing signing the SPA and transferring the member interests .. I believe that PSEG is getting nervous that we may close on the Kendall LLC with another Buyer before they get their act together.	I believe that PSEG is getting nervous that we may close on the Kendall LLC with another Buyer before they get their act together.	Call me to discuss the timing of drafting such an LOI.
Could you change the person that you send the Citizens Insurance Invoice to to the following:	Sarabeth,	Sarabeth,	Could you change the person that you send the Citizens Insurance Invoice to to the following:
Kate could you check with the trader on this.			Kate could you check with the trader on this.
If this is true please put it on my	I think Shankman wants me to go to this.	I think Shankman wants me to go to this.	If this is true please put it on my schedule.
Enron Japan Corp.  on EOL , please have the US GTC s forwarded to me, so that	Dale, could you please forward to John and me a copy of the EOL U.S. weather derivatives GTCs and long descriptions for swaps and options so that they can be looked at for Japan?. By way of background, the traders in Japan Jonathan Whitehead, Morten-Erik Pettersen want to start offering EOL weather derivatives swaps and options through Enron Japan Corp. in lieu of Enron Australia as the Enron counterparty, beginning the end of August 2000.. Regards, Alan. Alan-	Alan-	As we will need to change the Enron counterparty for Japanese weather to Enron Japan Corp. on EOL , please have the US GTC s forwarded to me, so that I can begin the process of amending same to conform to Japanese law/practice.
already done so, please send me the following:			Pursuant to the Site Visit Procedures sent you by CSFB, if you have not already done so, please send me the following: List of your team members and titles For outside consultants, state their employer Name, phone number office and mobile and e-mail address of your designated deal team leader
zipped or deleted please do so.	All -. O:ERMS is virtually out of diskspace.	O:ERMS is virtually out of diskspace.	If you have any large files that can be zipped or deleted please do so.
Please review and let me know if you have any changes.	Audrey Steve:. Attached is what I was planning to have posted on the eSpeak website.	Attached is what I was planning to have posted on the eSpeak website.	Please review and let me know if you have any changes.
Could you email me your telephone number and the afterhours number?	Hi again,. I checked my maps of DC, and it looks like the Hotel Washington might be a good alternative.. Could you see what they have for Mon/Tues night?. Also, please check back with the Willard to see if they have had any cancellations.	Also, please check back with the Willard to see if they have had any cancellations.	Could you email me your telephone number and the afterhours number?
Please contact him regarding this deal.	These deals are in Pete Keavey s book.. Luchas Johnson is the book admin.	Luchas Johnson is the book admin.	Please contact him regarding this deal.
Please update the CSFB/Enron Corp. entry on Lotus Notes with status info			Please update the CSFB/Enron Corp. entry on Lotus Notes with status info change from legal review to draft sent and names, phone nos., email addresses.
Please get with me before we offer a job to andrew mcclune.			Please get with me before we offer a job to andrew mcclune.
Please look at the attached redline from Greeley regarding the credit sections.			Please look at the attached redline from Greeley regarding the credit sections.
Could you please supply me with a copy of your current Confidentiality	Tana,. Can you tell me which numbers the CA s are in the atty.fms?. Thanks, Genia. As a general matter, you need to use the forms of Confidentiality Agreements contained in the atty.fms bank, not the Swap Group s forms.. We have developed a few of our own forms for special purposes, one, which is in the swap forms database/current forms, protects the counterparty only, and is used when Credit wants to get copies of financal statements from a counterparty and protects the financial information being provided by the counterparty.. I have developed forms for use by the EnronOnline team, but those should not be used for any Enron company except EnronOnline and Enron Net Works.. For any other types of matters/projects, we would also use the forms contained in the atty.fms bank.. Tana,	Tana,	Could you please supply me with a copy of your current Confidentiality Agreement?
Please print and execute two copies of the Enfolio Agreement along with the	Below I have attached the Enfolio Master Sale/Purchase Agreement .. Please note that Exhibit C ENFOLIO MASTER FIRM PURCHASE/SALE AGREEMENT-GUARANTY AGREEMENT is no longer a required document to complete the transaction; therefore, please discard.	Please note that Exhibit C ENFOLIO MASTER FIRM PURCHASE/SALE AGREEMENT-GUARANTY AGREEMENT is no longer a required document to complete the transaction; therefore, please discard.	Please print and execute two copies of the Enfolio Agreement along with the two Transaction Agreements which should arrive via Federal Express later today.
Please send the updated org list to Calger.			Please send the updated org list to Calger.
Please e-mail me the completed schedule by the end of the Friday.	Rod Hayslett. They are looking for Jim Saunders budget.. Do we have a restatement for Jim?. Any thoughts before I begin?. Please complete the attached schedule of the 2001 plan accounting costs and headcount.. The schedule should include the costs for all accounting, structuring and tax departments, but exclude mid-office support, customer services, etc.	The schedule should include the costs for all accounting, structuring and tax departments, but exclude mid-office support, customer services, etc.	Please e-mail me the completed schedule by the end of the Friday.
you confirm the date, please advise at your convenience how you see the	Ehud,. We can meet for dinner on the 21st.. Then you can visit with us on the 22nd in the morning and have individual meetings.. At 11:30 you can meet the entire Research Group at our weekly lunch meeting.. We can continue individual meetings in the afternoon.. Please, make a reservation at Hyatt Regency Downtown or Double Tree Downtown there are several hotels with the same names .. Vince. Vince,. June 22 works for me.. Do you want to firm it up?. If it s not too late, I do.. I believe the game plan was for me to come in the previous evening.	I believe the game plan was for me to come in the previous evening.	If you confirm the date, please advise at your convenience how you see the 6/21 - 6/22 schedule.
Please call and we can discuss.	Please review and comment. Gary,. There are three changes:. 1 When you converted the former CONTRACT PRICE 3 to a MinDQ cash out clause, the idea of cashing out the DCQ was lost.. I copied the clause from a previous version and added a debit or credit sentence.. 2 I put in a point 4 under Contract Price to capture the idea that if Westvaco was going to have a Shutdown during the month, we could call you and you could get out of you position with the advanced warning, therefore we could avoid the cashout.. 3 Finally at the end of the Contract Price section, I put language to incorporate the idea that fixed pricing would be included in the DCQ.	3 Finally at the end of the Contract Price section, I put language to incorporate the idea that fixed pricing would be included in the DCQ.	Please call and we can discuss.
PLEASE TAKE A MINUTE TO FILL OUT YOUR UNITED WAY PLEDGE TODAY.	UPDATE: AT THIS TIME, OUR GROUP PARTICIPATION IN UNITED WAY IS ONLY 50	UPDATE: AT THIS TIME, OUR GROUP PARTICIPATION IN UNITED WAY IS ONLY 50	PLEASE TAKE A MINUTE TO FILL OUT YOUR UNITED WAY PLEDGE TODAY.
to the  list , because  you send  mail to a  single address  and LISTSERV	You have been added to the RRGA-L mailing list RTO West Congestion Model Content Group by Keith Dalia kadalia BPA.GOV .. Please save this message for future reference, especially if this is the first time you subscribe to an electronic mailing list.. If you ever need to leave the list, you will find the necessary instructions below.. Perhaps more importantly, saving a copy of this message and of all future subscription notices from other mailing lists in a special mail folder will give you instant access to the list of mailing lists that you are subscribed to.. This may prove very useful the next time you go on vacation and need to leave the lists temporarily so as not to fill up your mailbox while you are away!. You should also save the welcome messages from the list owners that you will occasionally receive after subscribing to a new list.. To send a message to all the people currently subscribed to the list, just send mail to RRGA-L LIST.RTOWEST.ORG.	To send a message to all the people currently subscribed to the list, just send mail to RRGA-L LIST.RTOWEST.ORG.	This is called sending mail to the list , because you send mail to a single address and LISTSERV makes copies for all the people who have subscribed.
Now I need your help in	I have Louise locked in for June 15th in the am.	I have Louise locked in for June 15th in the am.	Now I need your help in securing Rick Causey and Joe Sutton or Jeff Skilling.
please pass this along to the appropriate people in the credit group.	Mary: Enclosed is the Counterparty form that we have come up with for Multi-Product Guarantys.. Depending upon the products that need to be covered, each Guaranty will need to be modified to make sure that it describes the proper entities and products.	Depending upon the products that need to be covered, each Guaranty will need to be modified to make sure that it describes the proper entities and products.	I will send along the Enron form of this shortly but please pass this along to the appropriate people in the credit group.
Please look at the Tradespark agreement			Please look at the Tradespark agreement
Can you send me a brief description of the anticipated support for	Steve and Rick - In response to your question regarding the European allocation, here are responses on the Keeler and Worthen allocations.. These were the only two that Europe had required backup on when receiving the allocation.. Mike - By copy of this note, can you provide backup on the Europe allocation for your cost center, Henry s, and Marc s?. Thanks!. Elizabeth, My group s support services are more global in nature, rather than providing services to any one unit.. Services include the administration of the corporate EHS web site and regulatory subcsriptions, risk assessment of acquisitions, divestitures major capital projects, corprate responsibility initiatives, performance reporting.. I divided the business unit allocations based on 2001 business growth, maturity of their EHS management systems, and historical use.. Please let me know if any additional questions arise.. Thanks, SW Elizabeth Linnell/NA/Enron wrote on 10/20/00 8:43 am:. Enron Europe is asking for backup for their allocations from your cost center.	Enron Europe is asking for backup for their allocations from your cost center.	Can you send me a brief description of the anticipated support for that business unit for 2001?
Please review and provide comments quickly.	I ve had to spend a little time negotiating this AM with ENA and EES, but I m confident that they ll be OK with this version.. Here they are.	Here they are.	Please review and provide comments quickly.
Please ensure that a	Greg: Per my voice mail, please see the list below.. It is not specific enough for Susan Musch and I to identify potential counterparties.. I look forward to hearing from you.. Thanks.. Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas 770 PHONE phone PHONE fax sara.shackleton enron.com. I m forwarding ECT Canada s top 15 counterparties.. We will use this list with the exception of J. Aaron, BP Amoco, PG E, Morgan Stanley and Bank of Montreal as our target list for the USD/CAD products.	We will use this list with the exception of J. Aaron, BP Amoco, PG E, Morgan Stanley and Bank of Montreal as our target list for the USD/CAD products.	Please ensure that a GTC is drawn up to allow EOL trading of these currency products.
Will you please make me an account recon folder for Co. 0072  and 1699			Dana, Will you please make me an account recon folder for Co. 0072 and 1699
Please correct/supplement, etc.	Since the time frame is short, I wanted to give you an outline to mark up/correct.. Here s how I understand the deal:. People s has the Manlove gas storage facility.. We have presented to People s a nonphysical method to monetize it, similar to what was done with Bammel.. Since this is a regulated asset, regulatory approval will be required, and the consumers will receive part of the benefit of the monetization.. The essence of our deal is that Enron will receive 50 of the net earnings, up to 25mm, as our fee.. In consideration for this fee, Enron takes the financial, legal, accounting and engineering lead.. Peoples and Enron will work together on the regulatory strategy formulation and implementation.. We want to present a draft MOU to Peoples this week.. The basic goals are:. Define scope of the agreement Define our lead role in the 4 stated areas Create exclusivity for Enron Define financial arrangements cost/profit Get an acknowledgement that what was presented to them was proprietary, and covered by our confidentiality agreement.. Define term 5 years. Each party bears their own internal costs, and third party costs are split 50/50, with prior approval.. In that regard an immediate concern is getting the engineering work kicked off.. We want the agreement broad enough to cover physical withdrawals.. We do not want it specific to this field, since we want the benefit of the use of our methodology.	We do not want it specific to this field, since we want the benefit of the use of our methodology.	Please correct/supplement, etc.
Paul, as we discussed, you can print this out on TW letterhead, sign and fax to Richardson.	Here s the final version of the letter.	Here s the final version of the letter.	Paul, as we discussed, you can print this out on TW letterhead, sign and fax to Richardson.
Once those are done, can you email the id  s to John Powell, Debbie Brackett and Stephanie McGinnis?	Errol,. Here are the bankruptcy post-id s that need to be calculated tonight.. You probably don t have access to the Canadian book so you can get it from Jeremy or use my computer.. The right one has portcalc up, kkeiser tamu96ddd.. They might need to be on inexact for basis and index.	They might need to be on inexact for basis and index.	Once those are done, can you email the id s to John Powell, Debbie Brackett and Stephanie McGinnis?
Please add these characters in	Mark,. Turbine 5 the prototype I think shows up on some graphs but not on all graphs.. Do you know why this is occurring?. HK. Attached please find a new Statistical Process Control analytic which displays the turbine performance for your site.. The report pdf is a summary of the other two reports and delineates which turbines fall outside the 2 sigma line for each category.. The other two reports provide more detail regarding the turbine performance including the degree to which a turbine falls outside the 2 sigma line.. Please note that we are still working with the analytic and you will find some extraneous characters in the results.	Please note that we are still working with the analytic and you will find some extraneous characters in the results.	Please add these characters in with the main group for which they are intended.
For audit purposes, can you give us a brief description of where the value	Darron,	Darron,	For audit purposes, can you give us a brief description of where the value for annuities in TAGG as V42434.9 and V42434.A.
Please check the set up of the book listed below.	Virendra,	Virendra,	Please check the set up of the book listed below.
Please respond to  Chris Strickland   chris lacima.co.uk			Chris Strickland chris lacima.co.uk on 06/01/2000 07:45:53 AM Please respond to Chris Strickland chris lacima.co.uk To: VinceJKaminski Vince.J.Kaminski enron.com cc: Julie julie lacima.co.uk Subject: Energy Conference - Sydney
process, please call the PEP Help Desk at the following numbers:	NOTE: YOU WILL RECEIVE THIS MESSAGE EACH TIME YOU ARE SELECTED AS A REVIEWER.. You have been selected to participate in the Mid-Year 2000 Performance Management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee s that have been identified for you.. Your feedback plays an important role in the performance management process, and your participation is very critical to the success of Enron s Performance Management goals.. Please provide feedback on the employee s listed below by accessing the Performance Management System PEP and completing an online feedback form as described in the Performance Management Quick Reference Guide .. You may begin your feedback input immediately.. Please have all feedback forms completed by the date noted below.	Please have all feedback forms completed by the date noted below.	If you have any questions regarding PEP or your responsibility in the process, please call the PEP Help Desk at the following numbers:
please distribute for your staff meeting			please distribute for your staff meeting KH
Maureen -- please put times and locations on my calendar as an fyi.	Looks like a full slate; you re off to a great start.	Looks like a full slate; you re off to a great start.	Maureen -- please put times and locations on my calendar as an fyi.
Please forward comments on this Technical Bulletin via email to:	Dear Market Participant,. Please disregard that the previous Technical Bulletin 67 email.. The attachment incorrectly included Technical Bulletin 68 which is addressed in a separate email.. Technical Bulletin 67 - Automated Mitigation Procedure for the Day-Ahead Energy Market - is being distributed for Market Participant comment.. It will be posted to the NYISO web site 5 business days from the date of this communication.. The purpose of our technical bulletins is to facilitate participation in the NYISO by communicating various NYISO concepts, techniques, and processes to Market Participants before they can be formally documented in a NYISO manual.	The purpose of our technical bulletins is to facilitate participation in the NYISO by communicating various NYISO concepts, techniques, and processes to Market Participants before they can be formally documented in a NYISO manual.	Please forward comments on this Technical Bulletin via email to:
Please contact me upon receipt to discuss and to fill in the blanks.	Gerald:. I am attaching the following documents for your review:. 1 .. Purchase and Sale Agreement,. 2 Draft of the body of a letter from LRCI to the Police Jury. I have revised the Purchase and Sale Agreement to add the language to the suggested by Kim Torres in ?. 4 and to add Louisiana Resources, Inc. and Louisiana Resources, L.P. as intervenors in the Cash Sale to quitclaim the property to the Police Jury to solve the title problem.	4 and to add Louisiana Resources, Inc. and Louisiana Resources, L.P. as intervenors in the Cash Sale to quitclaim the property to the Police Jury to solve the title problem.	Please contact me upon receipt to discuss and to fill in the blanks.
Please include Pat Clynes on all Logistics information.	Heather,	Heather,	Please include Pat Clynes on all Logistics information.
Can you sneak me a copy of the latest draft?			Can you sneak me a copy of the latest draft?
Give me a call when you get a minute.	Hi Sheryl. Hope all is well - we missed Eleanor on Sunday.. How did your lunch go last week.	How did your lunch go last week.	Give me a call when you get a minute.
Please call me to discuss wh	Dear Stacey-. What is your view point on this?. It appears to me that what Rod is saying is 20 that this is not a valid doorstep finding because of the other controls tha t 20 they have around the process.. However, I would think that commercial havin g 20 a credit watch report would be beneficial at the beginning of each trading 20 day or at least a list of the CP s that are approaching their limits so 20 they know what CP to focus on.. What are thoughts?. Does commercial here ge t 20 a credit watch report daily?. Do they use it?	Do they use it?	Please call me to discuss wh en 20 you get a chance.
organization in general, please check out:	Greetings!. One or more people have evaluated your performance as a boss at ImproveNow.com.. The results have been compiled and are strictly confidential, for your eyes only.. You may review your results by logging on to a secure, password-protected area of our site at:. http://www.improvenow.com/assessments/IYBoss/BossResults/. Your login is: rhaysle enron.com Your password is: 84ot8g. If you have login problems, go to: http://www.improvenow.com/faqs/index.cfm?action results faqs. We trust that your employees chose to participate in this process in a spirit of constructive criticism, and we are committed to supporting the possibility of positive change in your organization.. Accordingly, you will find that your results link to a customized list of resources we ve recommended to improve your performance in key areas.. And if you believe that simply letting your people know that you re listening to them, that you care about their opinions, and that you intend to change things for the better can have a profound effect on morale, we recommend you initiate a top-down assessment.. It takes only a minute and can be done at:. http://www.improvenow.com/Assessments/IYBoss/index.cfm?action topdown. To find out more about ImproveNow.com, including instructions on how to invite other employees to join in your assessment, click here: http://www.ImproveNow.com	To find out more about ImproveNow.com, including instructions on how to invite other employees to join in your assessment, click here: http://www.ImproveNow.com	If you have any questions about the assessment process, or about our organization in general, please check out: http://www.improvenow.com/faqs/index.cfm?action management faqs
1. please send up the software that needs to be installed along with	Hi Mike,. Thanks for the message.. Here is one more reason why we should have our own in-house modelling:. The PCMDI NWP Weather Maps Have Been Discontinued The PCMDI WXMAP web has been discontinued starting 20 December, 2000 Please see the U.S. Navy WXMAPs at .... I will shortly forward a set of minimum requirements hardware... , softare has been written by me, with some public domain software.. I am thinking of setting up an internal website with model output data, and verification info.. Cheers, Christian. Christian,. Just finished meeting with Pual, Vince Mark. New Plan:. Let s plan on your coming to Houston March 12th - April 2nd after our summer/winters respectively. BUT... let s proceed with the project without pause:	let s proceed with the project without pause:	1. please send up the software that needs to be installed along with operating system requirements
Please respond to The Motley Fool			Please respond to The Motley Fool THE MOTLEY FOOL B R E A K F A S T N E W S Monday, May 21, 2001 benjamin.rogers enron.com
Please book the same room for the same time  3 pm  on July 31 for a follow up	Amy:	Amy:	Please book the same room for the same time 3 pm on July 31 for a follow up meeting on Wind River.
Please forward the documents for	Tana -. When you have a chance, we need to finalized the 360 NDA pursuant to the changes proposed by 360 and the change I proposed below.. Thanks.. Mark Senior Counsel, ENA Phone: PHONE Facsimile: PHONE E-Mail: Mark.Greenberg enron.com. Your change in paragraph 2 is acceptable.	Your change in paragraph 2 is acceptable.	Please forward the documents for execution as you have suggested.
After you have done so, please distribute it back to us for	Kay,. Attached is a form of a reimburseble contract that can be used for the Coop City project.. I have not read the agreement, but think it is a good starting point.. I understand you will try to conform it with David Lund s term sheet.	I understand you will try to conform it with David Lund s term sheet.	After you have done so, please distribute it back to us for review before you send it to the client, per our phone conversation.
Please print the original message and all of the attachments.			Please print the original message and all of the attachments.
Please provide John and I a monthly report of customer transactions	Ed, this looks great!!!. !. Please ensure that the focus is on coverage, deal flow and building markets.. I want to avoid two groups hunting strategic elephants ie east origination and development so ensure the scope is consistent with mid-market coverage and feeding the desk deals and info.. In the case of building or purchasing assets please let Jacoby s group handle.. Any deal or lead that significantly disrupts coverage or takes you or your people out of the market please pass or coordinate with origination or development. There is bound to be some conflict between the strategic origination groups and you - please keep to a minimum and resolve in a manner consistent with one team and doing the right thing.	There is bound to be some conflict between the strategic origination groups and you - please keep to a minimum and resolve in a manner consistent with one team and doing the right thing.	Please provide John and I a monthly report of customer transactions completed, coverage plans and market building iniatives .
please print this and attached and put in the Project Canary Due Diligence			please print this and attached and put in the Project Canary Due Diligence file.
Please send me an e-mail today with your impressions of this candidate so			Please send me an e-mail today with your impressions of this candidate so that I can report back to HR.
Please locate these drawings and have copies sent up to Stuart Zisman.	Ben:. I have been able to locate a copy of the Peoples Energy letter we were looking for last week.. I still need to obtain copies of the as built drawings for the pipeline lateral.. These drawings were in one of the last groups of documents which I sent to the data room.	These drawings were in one of the last groups of documents which I sent to the data room.	Please locate these drawings and have copies sent up to Stuart Zisman.
Give me a call and we can decide where to meet.	Hey,. I haven t eaten yet either.	I haven t eaten yet either.	Give me a call and we can decide where to meet.
Please fill out the attached form to ensure that all applications required by			Please fill out the attached form to ensure that all applications required by you are installed on your machine when it is coreloaded with GE software.
Please cc your reply also to gordon.sick rogroup.com	The current version of the conference program is attached. Please confirm your participation as speaker and confirm your presentation title as listed on the attached conference program by next Tuesday.. The program is about to be sent to the printers next week	The program is about to be sent to the printers next week	Please cc your reply also to gordon.sick rogroup.com
Call me or write when you get thoses details.	Great!. I am glad that your trip is postponed - then we will be able to get together.	I am glad that your trip is postponed - then we will be able to get together.	Call me or write when you get thoses details.
Please advise your availability ASAP in reference to the request noted below			Folks, Please advise your availability ASAP in reference to the request noted below to have a conference call re: Sen. Joe Dunn w/Rick, Jim Richard Sanders legal .
Can you please respond to EOTT attorney Molly Sample.	Hi Mark	Hi Mark	Can you please respond to EOTT attorney Molly Sample.
When the time comes, please check your roster carefully and make sure that	Here is your latest roster.. We are up-to-date on all changes but, of course, the students may still drop/add up to the second week of module 5.	We are up-to-date on all changes but, of course, the students may still drop/add up to the second week of module 5.	When the time comes, please check your roster carefully and make sure that the people on the list really are attending your course.
Could you get Terry authorization to path in Unify please?			Could you get Terry authorization to path in Unify please?
please add to my schedule.			please add to my schedule.
Please set up the following contract			Please set up the following contract
Please reply to this email with your answers to the questions below no later	In an effort to continually improve the overall quality of the Analyst/Associate Programs, the Program Management would appreciate your feedback on the current state of the programs.. In order to insure confidentiality, Executive Leadership Associates has been engaged to receive your feedback and summarize it for the Program Management.	In order to insure confidentiality, Executive Leadership Associates has been engaged to receive your feedback and summarize it for the Program Management.	Please reply to this email with your answers to the questions below no later than Friday, July 20, 2001 to insure your views are included in the summary of survey data.
Please provide forecast of Price volatility for ECAR, TVA, and M	Here are the Allegheny questions we just got tonight.. Ben. The following requests resulted from our site visit to Gleason Plant on October 19, 2000: 1.. Regarding the three CTs purchased and installed at Gleason, when was the reservation agreement signed?. 2.. Please provide CD with Construction Drawings and Plot Plan identified on DealBench.. Please include Seimens drawings.. 3.. Please point out in DealBench or provide separate the documents that contain operating budget for Gleason.. Discussions identified a year 2000 budget versus actual report and a 2001 draft budget.. These two would be adequate.. 4.. Please provide engineering details of RTU module and associated equipment used for plant dispatch.. 5.. Please provide the O M contract with Operational Energy Corporation.. 6.. Please provide water chemistry analysis for wells or identify document on DealBench.. 7.. Please provide lease on property with Industrial Development Board.. 8.. Please provide any available information on Westinghouse contract.. 9.. Please provide chart and guarantee curves for CTs.. 10.. Please provide your calculations supporting the 915 hour annual operating limit.. 11.. Please identify equivalent starts for each CT. 12.. Please provide copy of standard operating procedure for the plant.. 13.. Please provide hydrological studies on aquifer used for plant water.	Please provide hydrological studies on aquifer used for plant water.	Please provide forecast of Price volatility for ECAR, TVA, and M
Please list all Notes databases applications that you currently use: email	Current Notes User:. To ensure that you experience a successful migration from Notes to Outlook, it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date of migration.. Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the following survey.. When you finish, simply click on the Reply button then hit Send Your survey will automatically be sent to the Outlook 2000 Migration Mailbox.. Thank you.. Outlook 2000 Migration Team. Full Name: Sally W. Beck. Login ID: sbeck. Extension: x35926. Office Location: EB 3389. What type of computer do you have?. Desktop, Laptop, Both Desktop, plus Laptop at home. Do you have a PDA?. If yes, what type do you have: None, IPAQ, Palm Pilot, Jornada Jornada. Do you have permission to access anyone s Email/Calendar?. If yes, who?. Not sure. Does anyone have permission to access your Email/Calendar?. Yes If yes, who?. Patti Thompson. Are you responsible for updating anyone else s address book?. If yes, who?. No. Is anyone else responsible for updating your address book?. Yes If yes, who?. Patti Thompson. Do you have access to a shared calendar?. ?. If yes, which shared calendar?. Do you have any Distribution Groups that Messaging maintains for you for mass mailings ?. no If yes, please list here:	no If yes, please list here:	Please list all Notes databases applications that you currently use: email organizer
Please have Matt email the ops reports to	Thanks for the update.. Try to stay flat on all gas dailies tomorrow.. Our length is good for now.. Let s stay flat for now in the oct index.. I will be working from home in the morning.	I will be working from home in the morning.	Please have Matt email the ops reports to my lotus.
it and fax it to me tomorrow morning.	Ben/Chris,. Unless something new comes up, I think we finished the letter agreement.	Unless something new comes up, I think we finished the letter agreement.	I m awaiting a revised draft now, and if it is acceptable to NW, they will sign it and fax it to me tomorrow morning.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Birgitta Nostring 550 Canoe Camp Creek Rd Mansfield, PA 16933 trollmntn aol.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please make sure that Vince has the new location on his calendar - I think			Please make sure that Vince has the new location on his calendar - I think Shirley is out of the office
Please  make sure that you have upgraded your Netscape	REMINDER. URGENT NOTIFICATION: The 128 bit encryption will be implemented on the SI Servers Thursday 3/08/01 at 1430 hrs.. If you have upgraded to the Netscape Communicator Domestic release 4.76 w/ 128 bit encryption you will simple have to log off and log back into the SI workspace.	If you have upgraded to the Netscape Communicator Domestic release 4.76 w/ 128 bit encryption you will simple have to log off and log back into the SI workspace.	Please make sure that you have upgraded your Netscape Communicator web browsers on your local workstations to the Domestic release 4.76 128 bit encryption.
Please can you advise when	To prepare an NDA for you I will need the following information:. 1.. The correct legal name of the counterparty 2.. Whether the agreement is bilateral both parties providing confidential information or one-way where only Enron is providing confidential information .. Our preference is to use the Enron protected party form since it is written more in our favor.. 3.. The nature and/or use of the information being provided.. 4.. The address of the counterparty 5.. The phone and fax number of the counterparty. Once I have all this I can prepare your NDA in short order.. Tana,. Please can you forward a copy of the EOL NDA to Alexandria Khalil at Outercurve Technologies akhalil outercurve.com .	Please can you forward a copy of the EOL NDA to Alexandria Khalil at Outercurve Technologies akhalil outercurve.com .	Please can you advise when you have received a signed copy.
work to stand in the Enron lobby  or send my secretary to do it for me .			Oh wait, I can t go to the ball game because I couldn t take a day off from work to stand in the Enron lobby or send my secretary to do it for me .
Please provide me with the complete list of	Missing you..... Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 04/24/2001 12:40 PM. I just received a phone message from Rick Vicens Delta Power explaining that Hancock funds would not be able to be scheduled for release for Wednesday AM due to Enron s inability to deliver Escrow agreemens and Turbine Contracts, consents, etc.. in a timely manner.. This deal has been sitting out their to long and there is a concern that Delta is buying time in order to survey the power markets in California.. Delta issued an RFP earlier in the week for power sales from their Pegasus project and asking for responses by Thursday 4/26.. Immediate closure is critical.	Immediate closure is critical.	Please provide me with the complete list of Enron Deliverables that are outstanding and standing between Enron, Delta, Hancock and Funding.
Please try to correct this problem.	Why am I receiving copies of everyones responses to this group.. I would like to receive information but do not want to be copied on requests for removal or additions.	I would like to receive information but do not want to be copied on requests for removal or additions.	Please try to correct this problem.
MG/Enron Metals e-mail address book, please circulate via e-mail for me the	Marcelo:. Pursuant to our previous discussions, I am attaching a copy of the Legal Contact list for use by Enron Metals employees in the US, Canada, and South America.	Pursuant to our previous discussions, I am attaching a copy of the Legal Contact list for use by Enron Metals employees in the US, Canada, and South America.	Also, as we discussed, since Houston is not yet linked to the MG/Enron Metals e-mail address book, please circulate via e-mail for me the Legal Contact list to each of the Enron Metals employees in NY, Chicago, St. Louis, Montreal, and South America Lima and Santiago .
Please prepare a bilateral NDA for the following company:			Please prepare a bilateral NDA for the following company:
Martha, please print up and sign for me and send.			Martha, please print up and sign for me and send.
Please forward to Sue Walden and get her ideas.			Please forward to Sue Walden and get her ideas.
Could you please send me	Thank you.. Kay.Mann enron.com 05/01/01 04:10PM. 1400 Smith, Room 3882A Houston, Tx 77002. Good afternoon.. I am Wilson Montjoy s secretary.	I am Wilson Montjoy s secretary.	Could you please send me your mailing address for our files?
Could you please provide pricing for the following scenarios:	Sanjeev;. Currently KCS Energy has a five year swap with CIBC that is currently out-of-the-money by approximately 25.0MM.. What we are considering is to require KCS to use part of the proceeds that we advance through a VPP to pay off this position.. However, based on the assumption of a declining price market, we would like to give them the ability to recoup a portion of the 25.0MM paid to CIBC through either Put Swaptions or Puts that are 0.30 to 0.60 out-of-the-money.. Attached is a spread sheet that has the volumes that KCS currently has swaps on with CIBC.	Attached is a spread sheet that has the volumes that KCS currently has swaps on with CIBC.	Could you please provide pricing for the following scenarios:
PLEASE DIRECT ALL INQUIRIES TO	Thank you for choosing to receive Continental Airlines OnePass statement communications electronically.. Your latest statement is now online, providing a summary of your mileage activity through December 3, 2000.. To access your new statement, just visit Your Account at http://airmail.continental.com/cgi-bin5/flo?y eCna0rucu04x0GygM. If you have any questions regarding your account, please e-mail the OnePass Service Center at mailto:onepass coair.com and make sure to include your name and OnePass number FE003899 in your e-mail message.. Sincerely,. Mark Bergsrud Vice President, Marketing. UNFORTUNATELY MAIL SENT TO THIS ADDRESS CANNOT BE ANSWERED.	UNFORTUNATELY MAIL SENT TO THIS ADDRESS CANNOT BE ANSWERED.	PLEASE DIRECT ALL INQUIRIES TO mailto:ONEPASS COAIR.COM
Please make sure there there is no P L or position effect in the crude books			Please make sure there there is no P L or position effect in the crude books with the new 24 hour EOL product.
It s now up to all of you to send me information and pictures to put on the	OK Cousins and family : Here is the address for the newest most exciting site on the Internet Well, we hope it will become exciting It all depends on You All.. I ve registered the domain name Thats-nice.com I tried to get Thatsnice.com but it was already taken.. It leads to a non-public page so be careful when typing the URL Universal Resource Locater .. Type it as http://www.thats-nice.com and you should get there OK. Ronnie had trouble getting it right through her aol browser.. It finally worked by launching Explorer and entering the URL there.. How s that for a novice only had computer three days ?	How s that for a novice only had computer three days ?	It s now up to all of you to send me information and pictures to put on the page.
To complete your assessment, please open your internet browser and go to the	REMINDER. We have yet to receive your feedback.. Your input is very valuable and to be included in the participant s summary report, it must be received BY CLOSE OF BUSINESS Tuesday, September 12.. The internet link and your ID are noted below.. Thank you for your participation.. Power of Communication Program IMMEDIATE ACTION REQUIRED - Do Not Delete. As part of the Power of Communication Program, each participant is asked to gather input on the participant s own management styles and practices as experienced by their immediate manager, each direct report, and up to eight peers/colleagues.. You have been requested to provide feedback for a participant attending the next program.. Your input i.e., a Self assessment, Manager assessment, Direct Report assessment, or Peer/Colleague assessment will be combined with the input of others and used by the program participant to develop an action plan to improve his/her management styles and practices.. It is important that you complete this assessment NO LATER THAN CLOSE OF BUSINESS Tuesday, September 12.. Since the feedback is such an important part of the program, the participant will be asked to cancel his/her attendance if not enough feedback is received.. Therefore, your feedback is critical.	Therefore, your feedback is critical.	To complete your assessment, please open your internet browser and go to the following web site:
Please respond to Kaye.Ellis enron.com.	Patrick,. Sara is not available at all today for a conference call.. Paul Radous will be on the conference call instead of Rod Nelson.. Are you and Julian available tomorrow at 11:30 am Buenos Aires time, 9:30 am Houston time.	Are you and Julian available tomorrow at 11:30 am Buenos Aires time, 9:30 am Houston time.	Please respond to Kaye.Ellis enron.com.
Audrey,  would you send an invite to Brad Holmes and Teb Lokey?			Audrey, would you send an invite to Brad Holmes and Teb Lokey?
please call the Photofete staff at 713-942-7797.	For your convenience and enjoyment, pictures from the EES Holiday Party on December 2, 2000 are available online.. Please note that these pictures should be paid for personally.. To order photos taken at the 2000 EES Holiday Party you will need to go to www.enron.photofete.com.. The home page will prompt you for a username and password but you do not need either of these. On the right hand side of the home page it says search events .. Click on this link.. This will bring you to a search screen.. The easiest way to locate the pictures from Saturday night is to search by photographer.. Open the pull down list and select photofete and then click go .. This will bring you to a listing of events shot by the Photofete team.. Select one of the following options: EES Holiday Balcony EES Holiday Candids EES Holiday Screen. There were three photographers present and the photos taken have been posted separately to help speed up the process of finding your photo among the many taken that night.. Holiday Screen was set us on the first floor and the Balcony photos on the second floor over looking the party below.. Candids were taken throughout the entire evening ranging from making s mores outside to the live performance ice sculptures.. Click on any of these 3 listing and it will take you directly to the photos.. All pictures can be enlarged by clicking on each one and simply select size and quantity and click add to cart	All pictures can be enlarged by clicking on each one and simply select size and quantity and click add to cart	If there are any questions or if you experience any difficulty checking out please call the Photofete staff at PHONE .
Please forward me a revised copy of this spreadsheet once you have completed	Ben has asked me to prepare a draft Bill of Sale - Equipment schedule to support the closing of the Intergen transaction.. I have generated the attached spread sheet showing the following information for the two LM6000 turbines and the one ABB transformer:. Unit Description Column A Unit Number Column B Unit Serial Column C Unit Delivery Date Column D Physical location of the units as of the date of schedule 1/5/01 Column E The equipment and all rights provided to Buyer under Agreement dated Column F. I have filled in descriptions for each piece of equipment Column A .. I need help with the following:. Chris: Please fill in Columns B, C, D E with current information from our equipment contracts.. Rebecca: Please obtain the information for Columns A, B, C, D, E, F from Catherine in Global Finance.. This should be the information that was recorded in the TurboPark financing documents when the equipment option agreements were moved into TurboPark from West LB.. Kay: Please fill in the dates for Column F and let me know if any additional information is required to complete this schedule.	Kay: Please fill in the dates for Column F and let me know if any additional information is required to complete this schedule.	Please forward me a revised copy of this spreadsheet once you have completed the relevant information.
It didn t, check with Karim and let me know today.			It didn t, check with Karim and let me know today.
Give me a call in the morning and let me know.	In all the excitement of the day, I completely forgot to check on this deal.. I know I got a call from one of you guys about the New Counterparty Diana Scholtes put in here; but I m not sure now what I was supposed to check on.	I know I got a call from one of you guys about the New Counterparty Diana Scholtes put in here; but I m not sure now what I was supposed to check on.	Give me a call in the morning and let me know.
can you meet them for this- I have a conference call with Kelsey s lawyers at 5-6:30 today			can you meet them for this- I have a conference call with Kelsey s lawyers at 5-6:30 today then I have supper club at 7 thanks kq
IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO BE TAKEN OFF THIS REMINDER LIST please either call me	Original Message. Original Message. Hello from Inside FERC,. Tomorrow Wednesday is the last business day of October, and it s the fina l deadline for Inside FERC s Gas Market Report s November 2001 bidweek spot-price survey.. Attached is an Excel workbook IFMONTH2.XLS to report your price data in.. Please take a moment to review the instructions at the top of the file.. The y specify what kinds of deals to report and -- more importantly -- what deals NOT to report.. Please note that a significant portion of our survey respondents are reporting counterparties with their deals.. We want you to too.. Please list counterparties in the comments column.. Counterparty information is held i n confidence and not shared with third parties.. Reported deals with counterparty information are treated as more reliable than trades without.. Please make sure to add the name of a contact person for your company and a telephone number to reach them with at the top of your price file.. November monthly prices will be published on Thursday, Nov. 1.. As always, thanks for your help, and if you have any questions, please feel free to call or e-mail me at the telephone number or address below.. Best regards, and I hope you and yours have a safe and happy Halloween,.. Kelley Doolan, chief editor PHONE kelley doolan platts.com	Kelley Doolan, chief editor PHONE kelley doolan platts.com	IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO BE TAKEN OFF THIS REMINDER LIST please either call me or send an e-mail, and I will take you off right away -- KD 1A
Can you help Sherry with this set-up.			Can you help Sherry with this set-up.
report, please remove Louise from the distribution list and add Philippe and	As a result of the reorg announcement a couple of weeks ago, this report should now go to Philippe Bibi or his assistant, Peggy McCurley .. Louise is now in the office of the chair of Enron Americas.. Philippe has assumed the role as chairman of Enron Net Works.	Philippe has assumed the role as chairman of Enron Net Works.	Since this report is a Net Works report, please remove Louise from the distribution list and add Philippe and Peggy effective immediately.
Please include all correspondence when responding.	Original Message. James, Graco is sorry for the inconvenience.. I ordered you a new diaper bag, the part you described is not replaceable so a new diaper bag is on order for you.	I ordered you a new diaper bag, the part you described is not replaceable so a new diaper bag is on order for you.	Please include all correspondence when responding.
please respond with all possibilities.	I am not available on the 25th from 3-5.. Every other time is good.. I am in the process of scheduling a meeting regarding the above subject.. Below you will find some dates/times that Mr. Shapiro has available on his calendar for the week of July 24.. Please respond to me with all the dates/times that will work with your schedules.	Please respond to me with all the dates/times that will work with your schedules.	The more dates/times I have to work with, the better the chance I have of scheduling this meeting so please respond with all possibilities.
could you put these volumes into a spread sheet and come up with a daily average?	mara,	mara,	could you put these volumes into a spread sheet and come up with a daily average?
can you please add this			can you please add this
Please make sure this gets corrected for next month.	Todd,. Please look into the above.. This company has a 5.4mm current federal tax expense that has never been booked to the G/L.. I think it has something to do w/ the fact that the entity maintenance screen shows UNK for type of entity domestic/foreign.. This is a Domestic Division of 364.. You will probably have to coordinate w/ Kathy to ensure the YTD figure for CFIT gets booked.	You will probably have to coordinate w/ Kathy to ensure the YTD figure for CFIT gets booked.	Please make sure this gets corrected for next month.
If they are in the total please exclude them.	Dave can you please add the new La Plata Red Cedar point to the map.. Please add it between Mapco and Red Cedar points.. Also please check to see if the Rio Puerco receipt and delivery are added into the totals of the Central Area.	Also please check to see if the Rio Puerco receipt and delivery are added into the totals of the Central Area.	If they are in the total please exclude them.
Please review and let me know what you think.	As per my voice mail and Mark s e-mail, Mark would prefer to eliminate NetWorks from the review process.. Do you think Andy will object to eliminating NetWork s from the process?. Instead, he prefers to instruct all traders to flow all necessary documentation through Mark Greenberg or myself to ensure consistent legal review.. I have revised the policy accordingly.	I have revised the policy accordingly.	Please review and let me know what you think.
Please contact Robert Neustaedter	Below is the analysis of CDWR savings.	Below is the analysis of CDWR savings.	Please contact Robert Neustaedter with any questions.
Please give me some dates and times that would be convenient with you	Good morning Mr. Giancola:. Your resume was forwarded to Vince Kaminski, Managing Director and Head of Research with Enron.. We would like to bring you in for an informal interview at your convenience.. This would be for a position of Economist or Associate Economist , reporting to Maureen Raymond Castaneda.	This would be for a position of Economist or Associate Economist , reporting to Maureen Raymond Castaneda.	Please give me some dates and times that would be convenient with you and I will have our HR Rep contact you to schedule your coming to Houston.
Please take time to review this material.	We are pleased to present you with a 2001 Special Stock Option Grant Award.. As a participant in this grant you have the opportunity to share in the ownership of Enron and the potential profit from increases in the value of Enron s common stock.. The 2001 Special Stock Option Grant was made to let you know how valuable you are and to recognize your contributions in making Enron the great company it is today.. Although there are no guarantees as to Enron s future stock performance, we believe that an Enron stock option has tremendous future growth potential.. The value you ultimately receive from your options will depend on the price of Enron stock at the time you exercise your options.. You can access your 2001 Special Stock Option Grant Agreement and the Stock Plan document governing the grant via your eHRonline account on the intranet website at http://ehronline.enron.com.. Unlike stock options granted in the past a copy of your grant agreement will not be mailed to your home address.. Additionally, the following information regarding the 2001 Special Stock Option Grant can be found on the HR website http://hrweb.enron.com.. ?. 2001 Special Stock Option Grant Highlights ?. 2001 Special Stock Option Grant Frequently Asked Questions FAQs ?. A How to Exercise Options document that contains contact information and PaineWebber forms applicable to your stock options	A How to Exercise Options document that contains contact information and PaineWebber forms applicable to your stock options	Please take time to review this material.
can you also add Karen Herrmann to the distribution?			can you also add Karen Herrmann to the distribution?
Please give me a suitable title for the talk  replacing Kaminski 01 s slot	Steve,. How are the discussions with RISK about an article progressing?. Vince. Lenos. I d like to give a talk entitled Diagrammatic Representation of Real Optio ns 20 in Enron , in which I will give a brief run-down of a diagrammatic techniqu e 20 I have developed for representing real option deals.. My notation allows 20 originators, managers and quants to communicate unambiguously, while still 20 appreciating the complexity and subtlety of real optionality.. I have defin ed 20 a diagrammatic grammar which guarantees that the pricing of the deal 20 follows immediately and automatically from the diagram.. I propose to introduce the symbols and grammar, then go on to present some 20 suitable examples of diagrams.. If appropriate I ll talk about the links wi th 20 dynamic programming.. I will need some guidance as to how much technical 20 detail I can go into based on the audience.. All the best, Steve. Steve. thanks for agreeing to talk.. I attach the program to see the other speakers and style it is addressed to a professional autience	I attach the program to see the other speakers and style it is addressed to a professional autience	Please give me a suitable title for the talk replacing Kaminski 01 s slot on July 6/Energy session and the details of your position
try to track him/her down and forward the invoice.	The use of cell phones and pagers has increased dramatically in the past fe w 20 years.. As a result the Accounts Payable department has seen a rapid increa se 20 in the number of invoices and vendors.. With the higher volume, we have 20 reviewed our processes in order to continue our rapid payment cycle.. Although we encourage vendors to address their invoices to individual 20 employees, they often mail invoices directly to Accounts Payable.. At times 20 they fail to list the individual who uses the pager or cell phone.. In thes e 20 cases we return the invoice to the vendor.	In thes e 20 cases we return the invoice to the vendor.	If the employee is designated, we 20 try to track him/her down and forward the invoice.
Please take a few minutes to update the information and return by email as	Let me take the liberty of introducing myself, I am Shawna Williams and along with Perrin Worrell, I assist the Sales support team at Icon Information Consultants.. In our continuing effort to be of service to our employees, we are in the process of updating our employee database and files.. We would like to ensure, we have the most up to date and current contact information on every employee.	We would like to ensure, we have the most up to date and current contact information on every employee.	Please take a few minutes to update the information and return by email as soon as possible.
call me at 713-853-3986.	Some of you have had problems with this months newsletter - sorry.. The system we normally use to create it on was down and even though this one was compatible with the group I test with, it did not work well with everyone.. If you have trouble viewing or printing the format, or just prefer another format, I have 2 other versions I can send you.	If you have trouble viewing or printing the format, or just prefer another format, I have 2 other versions I can send you.	Just reply to this note or call me at PHONE .
Please take me off the e-mail distribution list...I receive the charts, etc.	Scott,	Scott,	Please take me off the e-mail distribution list...I receive the charts, etc.
try to track him/her down and forward the invoice.	fyi.. this is fine with me--pls remind me.. df. The use of cell phones and pagers has increased dramatically in the past fe w 20 years.. As a result the Accounts Payable department has seen a rapid increa se 20 in the number of invoices and vendors.. With the higher volume, we have 20 reviewed our processes in order to continue our rapid payment cycle.. Although we encourage vendors to address their invoices to individual 20 employees, they often mail invoices directly to Accounts Payable.. At times 20 they fail to list the individual who uses the pager or cell phone.. In thes e 20 cases we return the invoice to the vendor.	In thes e 20 cases we return the invoice to the vendor.	If the employee is designated, we 20 try to track him/her down and forward the invoice.
Please review your individual quotes and let me know if you have any revisions as soon as possible.	Greg and Mark:. Attached is a draft of the very short story that will accompany your profiles in Enron Business.. PR management has approved.. The purpose is simply to introduce you and quickly address the issue that s on everyone s mind, the stock price.	The purpose is simply to introduce you and quickly address the issue that s on everyone s mind, the stock price.	Please review your individual quotes and let me know if you have any revisions as soon as possible.
Can you please help me by contacting the appropriate individuals at Smurfit   and try to clarify the credit picture.	I have been working with Ron on this power agreement for the Vernon facility in Los Angeles that is also the entity that is buying gas from us through Kim Ward.. We have not reached agreement on this Scheduling Coordinator arrangement, but are trying to clarify our proposal.. Ron Dictor Manager, Energy Procurement Smurfit-Stone Container Corp. rdictor smurfit.com TEL: PHONE FAX: PHONE . Credit: Rich Marra 314/ PHONE . Legal: Tim Davison 312/ PHONE . I told Ron that our gas deal was with Smurfit Stone as are our Montanan Power deal and the L/C.. Ron indicated that Smurfit Stone cannot enter into these types of transactions.	Ron indicated that Smurfit Stone cannot enter into these types of transactions.	Can you please help me by contacting the appropriate individuals at Smurfit and try to clarify the credit picture.
Can you change it on my calendar.			Can you change it on my calendar.
please provide the pricing on this deal?	I will enter this deal in the system and let you guys know what the deal number is.. Forwarded by Chris Germany/HOU/ECT on 07/06/2000 07:37 AM. Chris and all--Below is our volume request for July 7-31 for C I customers behind COH.. Its a similar situation to the one we had in June with C I customers taken over from us by Metromedia Energy.. We need to do a separate deal to cover these volumes like we did in June.. Please provide Kara with contract numbers in the morning.	Please provide Kara with contract numbers in the morning.	Also, could you please provide the pricing on this deal?
Please attach the revised document for my review.			kARL, Please attach the revised document for my review.
Please compare 1098075 with 1098076 with exchange	John,. The code is revised.	The code is revised.	Please compare PHONE with PHONE with exchange options vol skew added Please call Jeremy for moving this change into produtions.
Please keep me updated as to the progress on the product, as it occurs.	Leonardo - Please be aware that the Wheatland IL peaking facility which was to support this EOL capacity product is being sold -- therefore EPMI no longer seeks to roll out this exact product.. The Power Desk will consider whether they want to proceed with some variant of the online capacity product, and if so, will advise us.. Please contact me with any questions, and thanks for your help.. --David. Leonardo. I understand and share the desire for a simple website, but have several times indicated that these are not GTC terms, but tailored to this product offering and any subsequent capacity products to be offered , and it is therefore legal s belief that they should appear within the website itself.	I understand and share the desire for a simple website, but have several times indicated that these are not GTC terms, but tailored to this product offering and any subsequent capacity products to be offered , and it is therefore legal s belief that they should appear within the website itself.	Please keep me updated as to the progress on the product, as it occurs.
Thank you,  Please page me at 800-467-8971	Sylvia - Please set up the following contracts.... Pipe:Southern Natural Contract: FSNG236 ENA-IM EAST agent for City of Huntsville FT umbrella Rec: Zone 0 Del: Zone 2 Term: 1/8/2000--10/31/2019. Pipe: Southern Natural Contract FSNG262 ENA-IM East agent for City of Decatur FT Umbrella Rec: Zone 0 Del Zone 2 Term: 1/8/2000--10/31/2019	Pipe: Southern Natural Contract FSNG262 ENA-IM East agent for City of Decatur FT Umbrella Rec: Zone 0 Del Zone 2 Term: 1/8/2000--10/31/2019	Thank you, Please page me at PHONE Scott Goodell
Please get available dates.			Please get available dates.
Call me when you can.	Chris,. What is the latest with PG E?. We have been having good discussions regarding EOL.	We have been having good discussions regarding EOL.	Call me when you can.
Please call Tana to discuss your account and their ISDA			GG Please call Tana to discuss your account and their ISDA Thanks JF
Please add him to the list.			Please add him to the list.
Please RSVP  by Monday, March 19 - Noon	Amelia, Jeff is travelling this week.. Thanks, Joannie. Enron Cycling Club Meeting Tuesday, March 20 RSVP needed !!. 11:30 - 12:30 EB 49C1 Lunch will be available, so we need to know the headcount please!	11:30 - 12:30 EB 49C1 Lunch will be available, so we need to know the headcount please!	respond by email or call Stephanie Strong at 31653 Please RSVP by Monday, March 19 - Noon
receive e-mail notifications from CERA, please send a reply to this message	Mr. Vincent J. Kaminski Vice President, Research Enron Capital Trade Resources Corp.. Dear Mr. Kaminski:. We want to make a special offer to you regarding the mid-project workshop for CERA s new study High Tension: The Future of Power Transmission in North America .. This session will be held on Friday, February 11, 2000 from 8:30AM - 1:30PM in the Monarch Room at the Westin Galleria Hotel, in Houston, Texas.. In consideration of your participation in CERAWEEK 2000, we invite you to enroll in the workshop for a special, stand-alone fee of 5,000.. Participation in the workshop normally available only to those enrolled in the study will provide you with the workshop briefing book, a recap of work to date, a review of the initial scenarios and an interactive discussion on sign posts, strategic implications and business segment analysis.. To view the online prospectus for the study, and to get the workshop enrollment form, please go to: http://eprofile.cera.com/cfm/track/mc.cfm?p 522 c 2804. This timely and important study analyzes the key issues and uncertainties facing the electric transmission business, including industry structure, strategy, policy and regulation, technology, market structure, reliability, and operations.. The main project objective is to develop a scenario-based framework for understanding the risks and business opportunities.. We hope you can join us for this timely event, and to take advantage of this special offer.. To enroll in the workshop, please complete and return the form found on the web page above.. For more information, please contact me by phone at PHONE , or by email to paugustini cera.com .. Sincerely,. Peter Augustini Director, North American Energy. Our relationship with you is very important to us.	Our relationship with you is very important to us.	If you wish not to receive e-mail notifications from CERA, please send a reply to this message with DoNotEmail as the subject of your message.
Please sign me up.			Please sign me up.
Please contact Kimberly Brown for all the details - she planned the party and			Please contact Kimberly Brown for all the details - she planned the party and took care of the final charge to my account.
Please make the necessary changes in TAGG	Effective 9/15/00 ENA sold NIPSCO 500,000dth storage see deal 401601.. Adjusted the deal 268093 268090 on the CGAS storage worksheet.	Adjusted the deal 268093 268090 on the CGAS storage worksheet.	Please make the necessary changes in TAGG
already responded, please RSVP by the close of business Friday, January 4,	ISO Market Participants:. As indicated in the December 20, 2001 CAISO Notice, the ISO will be hosting several Focus Group Meetings to discuss, Market Design 2002 Design Draft .. These meetings will take place at the Hilton Garden Inn, 121 Iron Point Road, Folsom, California 956 PHONE .. The meeting dates, times, and targeted groups for these meetings are:. January 14, 2002, 9:00 a.m. - 2:00 p.m.: Load-Serving Entities. January 15, 2002, 9:00 .am.. - 2:00 p.m.: Generators and Marketers. January 16, 2002, 9:00 a.m. - 2:00 p.m.: Municipal Utilities. January 17, 2002, 9:00 a.m. - 2:00 p.m.: Other Control Areas. If you would like to participate in one of these discussions, please select the one that most closely matches your company s primary market involvement.. To keep the discussions focused and due to limited space availability, we request that only one representative per organization attend one of the above targeted meetings.	To keep the discussions focused and due to limited space availability, we request that only one representative per organization attend one of the above targeted meetings.	If you plan to attend a session in person, and have not already responded, please RSVP by the close of business Friday, January 4, 2002, to Julia Payton at jpayton caiso.com mailto:jpayton caiso.com .
After you read through it, please get back with me.	I will forward e-mail Lee P. sent to Julie who forwarded to me .	I will forward e-mail Lee P. sent to Julie who forwarded to me .	After you read through it, please get back with me.
Can you please look over the attached Gty format for Unocal Energy Trading to	Dan,	Dan,	Can you please look over the attached Gty format for Unocal Energy Trading to cover our physical gas positions.
Per The New Power Company  Jeff Porter , please change the counterparty name			Elizabeth, Per The New Power Company Jeff Porter , please change the counterparty name on the following deals from Columbia Energy Services Corporation to The New Power Company.
Please call so we can discuss.			Please call so we can discuss.
After you ve had a chance to see what we re doing, please use	Rick -. I hope everything is going well for you.. Whenever you have time, I d appreciate very much your candid comments and suggestions on our new on-line energy publication, Energy Business Watch, which you can access by clicking on www.energybusinesswatch.com.. Our goal in launching Energy Business Watch is to take maximum advantage of the speed and power of the internet to deliver the energy-related information you need each day within minutes after breaking developments occur.. To accomplish this goal, Energy Business Watch provides a unique combination of news coverage and selected links to other resources not currently available on any other site.. These features include:. o Exclusive in-depth reporting on breaking news by one of the strongest reporting teams in the business. o Exclusive expert commentary. o Links e-mailed directly to you each morning with important, interesting stories from other sources that you re not likely to have time to search out on your own. o News flashes during the course of each day on important breaking developments. o Continuously updated links to important decisions and reports, such as the California ISO s assessment of the likelihood of rolling black-outs in California this summer. o Live stock quotes, spot market prices for electricity, natural gas and other fuels and day ahead prices for electricity in each region of the country. o Special reports, not found in any other publication, on business developments affecting the energy industry and emerging new technologies that in coming years could reshape the industry.. Over the next few months, we plan to add other features, including live streaming video coverage of important developments, conferences, special research reports and other specialized information services not currently available from any other source.. Our goal is to become your best source for the specialized, industry-specific information you need each day to excel in your work.. To achieve this goal, however, we need your help -- both now and in coming months -- by sharing with us your advice and feedback regarding the information services that will best serve your needs.. We d appreciate, therefore, your taking the time to check out our site by clicking on the attached link and signing up for a free two-week trial subscription.	We d appreciate, therefore, your taking the time to check out our site by clicking on the attached link and signing up for a free two-week trial subscription.	After you ve had a chance to see what we re doing, please use the Feedback button to give us your comments and suggestions regarding what we ve done thus far and the features and services you d like to see us add in coming months.
Could you please add  DL Portland Volume MGMT  to your distribution list for Flash, Desk analysis and DPR.			Mark, Could you please add DL Portland Volume MGMT to your distribution list for Flash, Desk analysis and DPR.
keep me updated on your progress so that I can reflect it in the report	Attached is an updated file summarizing the action plan for completing Energy OP s showstopper reports.	Attached is an updated file summarizing the action plan for completing Energy OP s showstopper reports.	If you are responsible for an action item, please keep me updated on your progress so that I can reflect it in the report properly.
Please forward this to anyone else she may have offended.	It appears that my evil twin went out last night and proceeded to get in peoples faces and talk a lot of smack, as well as leave messages on answering machines.. I ve spoken with her this morning and she has been severely reprimanded.We have agreed on the following:. No limp bizkit for 1 week.. No consumption of alcoholic beverages on the same day that over 1/2 million was lost trading natty.	No consumption of alcoholic beverages on the same day that over 1/2 million was lost trading natty.	Please forward this to anyone else she may have offended.
Your resume is with several persons in different areas of E.     Should   you			Your resume is with several persons in different areas of E. Should you receive a call let me know, so I can tell you more about these positions.
Please review the resume of Jonathan D. Proctor for the Accounting Director	Sally, I hope you remember me.. I took the pictures of our sons at Enron day at Astroworld last year.. I started working with your group after placing some calls and making contact with your HR and other managers.. I wanted to make sure that my two recent presentations got the exposure they needed.. re: Accounting Director positions in Gas I work with Toni Graham in HR.. I know she gets very busy.. She is an excellent representative of Enron and very much the professional.. She has emails of these two candidates I will be sending you.. They have excellent GAS experiences in the financial arenas.	They have excellent GAS experiences in the financial arenas.	Please review the resume of Jonathan D. Proctor for the Accounting Director position.
Please override POP S  daily volume  presently zero   to reflect  daily	This is a follow up to the note I gave you on Monday, 4/3/00 preliminary flow data provided by Daren .	This is a follow up to the note I gave you on Monday, 4/3/00 preliminary flow data provided by Daren .	Please override POP S daily volume presently zero to reflect daily activity you can obtain from Gas Control.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Kristie Pempek 5042 SW Corbett Ave. 3 Portland, OR 97201 kpempek wdico.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please provide a sigma factor for the following new product type: 09 the cu			Please provide a sigma factor for the following new product type: 09 the cu rrent sigma for CAN Gas Phy Basis East Spd is 0.10/MM
Can you please provide	Hi Eric -. I am Mike s assistant and I believe you discussed this meeting with my clerk when I was out of the office on Monday.. I am preparing Mike s calendar for tomorrow and I would like to make sure that I have all the correct information for him regarding the El Paso meeting.	I am preparing Mike s calendar for tomorrow and I would like to make sure that I have all the correct information for him regarding the El Paso meeting.	Can you please provide the exact details for the El Paso meeting?
I told McMahon that I would sign it so please forward on to me for execution.	Brandon,	Brandon,	I told McMahon that I would sign it so please forward on to me for execution.
pls coordinate with jeff.  thanks.			-Origin: FOSSUM-D X-FileName: dfossum.nsf
Please make all adjustments that are needed for the Prepay books, in the	Kori,	Kori,	Please make all adjustments that are needed for the Prepay books, in the January DPR.
Please advise me asap.	Vince,. You are welcome to the twenty tickets if you like.	You are welcome to the twenty tickets if you like.	Please advise me asap.
Ken,  Could you please verify the legal name for the Enron entity that will			Ken, Could you please verify the legal name for the Enron entity that will be the counterparty in the temp.
Please advise as soon as possible.	Sara,. Our traders want to know the status on the agreements for JP Morgan and Bear Stearns.. They would also like to begin using these services with additional brokers and need to know how long it takes legal to provide our comments to the executing broker from the point that we receive the initial agreement from them.	They would also like to begin using these services with additional brokers and need to know how long it takes legal to provide our comments to the executing broker from the point that we receive the initial agreement from them.	Please advise as soon as possible.
If you would please e-mail me your address, I ll	Greetings, Tom.. I have a great picture of you, Jeff and Jeffrey at the Inauguration that Jeff asked me to send to you.. Unfortunately, I don t have a mailing address for you.	Unfortunately, I don t have a mailing address for you.	If you would please e-mail me your address, I ll get the picture right out to you.
Can you check with your people ?	Jeff - I m told by our core procurement people that Enron has refused to enter into any term gas contracts for this winter because of problems they have with us on the electric side.. Personally, that makes no sense to me.. We have the PUC s security order that guarantees payment and Judge Montali has made it clear that he will approve the payment on all gas contracts.. It seems to me that if this is true, Enron is really screwing itself - which is no the way Enron typically does business.	It seems to me that if this is true, Enron is really screwing itself - which is no the way Enron typically does business.	Can you check with your people ?
Can you come down to my desk around 1:00?			Can you come down to my desk around 1:00?
Please look over the attached at your convenience.	Bob -. Attached are copies of the revised BETA and Fee Agreement for Amerex.. The BETA reflects the incorporation of all changes made by Jimmy in the Amerex reply to our draft document.. I have them revised the document to reflect the changes Jimmy and I discussed basically the return of the document moreso to the base Enron form .. The Fee Agreement reflects changes necessary due to the written vs. electronic nature of the BETA.. Also, there is one additional change in the language of the 10 cap on increases to address Jimmy s concern that the 10 increase may or may not be applicable to annual renewals.	Also, there is one additional change in the language of the 10 cap on increases to address Jimmy s concern that the 10 increase may or may not be applicable to annual renewals.	Please look over the attached at your convenience.
Please approve and autoschedule deal  483074.	Kate,	Kate,	Please approve and autoschedule deal 483074.
Please print on letterhead.			Please print on letterhead.
Go ahead and send a payment out to Willamette for the items listed below	Audrey,	Audrey,	Go ahead and send a payment out to Willamette for the items listed below
T:  Please print and put in file  Japan -- PreEmployment Testing   thanks.			T: Please print and put in file Japan -- PreEmployment Testing thanks.
Please revisit the Hong Kong test product  for CDD  as shown below.	Hi Michael and Mark -	Hi Michael and Mark -	Please revisit the Hong Kong test product for CDD as shown below.
Mark, can you have a look at the proposed changes suggested by Powerex below			Mark, can you have a look at the proposed changes suggested by Powerex below to our Canadian form of financial trading GTC and contact Bill Greenizan of the Calgary office to let him know whether the proposed changes are acceptable or not?
issues and send me those recommendations by Thursday at noon if possible.	Enclosed for your review is a draft copy of the four examples that I am considering showing to AA as we request that they consider the chances of our trading partners/customers receiving hedge treatment from trades such as these.. Please review this writing, make suggestions and comments and either email those changes back to me or fax them to me at PHONE .. If you would rather send your recommendations via courier, send them to EB 3585b.. Martin, please suggest wording for insurance products that meet the same needs of the customer as the derivative examples.	Martin, please suggest wording for insurance products that meet the same needs of the customer as the derivative examples.	Outline any significant issues and send me those recommendations by Thursday at noon if possible.
Can we please get a list of the attorneys in your groups that work on EGM cases by the end of today?	Mark / Richard,	Mark / Richard,	Can we please get a list of the attorneys in your groups that work on EGM cases by the end of today?
Please add  Angela Davis  to the distribution list  angela.davis enron.com .			Please add Angela Davis to the distribution list angela.davis enron.com .
Please print, sign, and return original to Clem Cernosek .	Daren:. On 1/25/2000 the above meter has recorded flow of 18 Mmbtus into HPL s pipeline.. Currently, the volume is booked to HPL Strangers Gas Contract.. Logistics needs approval to write-off this volume to Unaccounted for Gas.	Logistics needs approval to write-off this volume to Unaccounted for Gas.	Please print, sign, and return original to Clem Cernosek .
Please forward this information to anyone who might benefit.	In today s volatile energy markets, those who are able to make objective buy and sell decisions can make significant profits and greatly improve cash flow.. Due to popular demand for our Learn Technical Analysis Class, we have scheduled additional Houston dates at the Marriott West Loop.. The next class is July 17 - 18.. For more information, call Jennifer Smith at PHONE , Email me at jennifersmith kaseco.com or visit our website at http://www.kaseco.com/classes/class.htm.. You may go directly to the registration form at at http://www.kaseco.com/classes/register.htm.. Learn Technical Analysis Syllabus Charting Basics, Types of Charts, Support and Resistance When to Buy or Sell Entry Techniques When to Exit Based on Signals Momentum and Divergence How to Exit Based on Stops Managing Trade Risk Chart Patterns and Forecasting Basics Candlesticks, Elliott Wave, Flags, etc.. Statistical Hedging. Save money by registering before June 14.. Your cost will be reduced from 995.00 to 845.00 for one person and to 795.00 for two or more.. In addition, you will receive a complimentary copy of Trading with the Odds by Cynthia Kase.	In addition, you will receive a complimentary copy of Trading with the Odds by Cynthia Kase.	Please forward this information to anyone who might benefit.
Please respond to  Julie   julie lacimagroup.com	Julie,. Thanks.. Also, as a follow up: did you receive the check from Paul Quilkey?. Vince	Vince	Julie julie lacimagroup.com on 01/14/2001 02:15:57 PM Please respond to Julie julie lacimagroup.com To: Undisclosed-Recipient: mailman.enron.com; cc: Subject: Book for Lacima Course Attendees
PS.  Sean, please forward this to Richard.			Please plan to meet on Wed. see below to discuss the Deal Profitability Analysis with Kim Kouri.
please print this out so that I can understand it			please print this out so that I can understand it
Please provide your feedback and preranking to	Pleas also send the preranking to Susan Wimberley.. Mark Russ will be representing Michael Ratner at the PRC on 12/12 and 12/13.. I am looking into the pre-ranking meeting that is supposedly going on now.. However, the Associate Analyst program indicated that this was a pre-ranking for Associates within EBS.	However, the Associate Analyst program indicated that this was a pre-ranking for Associates within EBS.	Please provide your feedback and preranking to Mark before the PRC on 12/12 and 12/13.
intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us	I have attached a new draft version of the Enron Services Agreement which incorporates the changes discussed on our call and those distributed by Carlos.. I have also attached a blacklined version to show the changes made form the previously distributed version.. If you have any questions or comments please call me at PHONE .. David will be out of the office tomorrow but we can conference him in if we need to discuss any further revisions.. Regards, Kieran. This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential.	This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential.	If you are not the intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us immediately.
available, Please clear your memory and disk caches  Edit, Preferences,	Market Notice April 29, 2002. URGENT NOTIFICATION: SI Servers UNAVAILABLE, Today, April 29th, 2002 15:20 to 16:00 pdt as we will Fall Forward to our server in Folsom.. Please submit all Hour Ahead schedules for April 29, HE 1800 and 1900 and Supplemental Energy schedules for 1700 and 1800 prior to 1500.	Please submit all Hour Ahead schedules for April 29, HE 1800 and 1900 and Supplemental Energy schedules for 1700 and 1800 prior to 1500.	Once the fallback is complete and the SI system is available, Please clear your memory and disk caches Edit, Preferences, Advanced, Cache close all Netscape windows including messages .
Please delete all the files on your hard drive...	NETWORK WORLD FUSION FOCUS: JASON MESERVE on SECURITY AND BUG PATCH ALERT TODAY S FOCUS: Palm virus reported 09/04/00. Dear Wincenty Kaminski,. This newsletter sponsored by LUCENT TECHNOLOGIES. Voted Best in Test and a Good Buy for carrier/ISP applications, Lucent Technologies Secure VPN Solutions garnered top ratings by Mier Communications recent Independent Lab Test Report.. The products, which included Lucent s VPN Firewall Brick, Lucent Security Management Server, and the Lucent IPSec Client, were lab-tested using a methodology and test bed for evaluating VPNs in carrier-class applications.. To obtain a copy of the report and for more information on Lucent Secure VPN Solutions, visit http://nww1.com/go/ PHONE a.html. 11 FREE Newsletter Additions from Network World!. Sign up Today at http://www.nwwsubscribe.com/foc35 Wireless in the Enterprise, Servers, Optical Networking, The Network Channel, The Edge, Net Worker, Convergence, Free Stuff, Mobile Computing, The Network World 200, and Technology Executive. Today s Focus: Palm virus reported. By Jason Meserve write me at jmeserve nww.com. Before I get into the more serious topics of the day, I thought I d share a funny virus alert that one of my friends forwarded to me.. The e-mail, entitled Virus Alert!!!!!!. contained the following message:. Alert. I m too lazy to program a real virus, so this virus works on the honor system-	I m too lazy to program a real virus, so this virus works on the honor system-	Please delete all the files on your hard drive...
Please follow-up with this guy.			Please follow-up with this guy.
Please, send me your resume and I shall determine what is the best	Quentin,. Thanks for your message.. We are always looking for new employees with the right skills.	We are always looking for new employees with the right skills.	Please, send me your resume and I shall determine what is the best way to arrange an interview.
Please prepare a draft ISDA pursuant to the attached form and deliver to			Please prepare a draft ISDA pursuant to the attached form and deliver to Agustin Perez.
and want to, call me.	Just a follow up message.. Yes, I do have instant messanger, but I really don t know how to use it.. I mean, I know how to use it once it s set up, but I don t know how to put a new buddy on the list, nor do I know what my sign on is for it.. I ll have to ask Michael how to do it when he gets back from Atlanta.. Anyways, I ll be home today until about 3 pm and then again after about 5pm.	Anyways, I ll be home today until about 3 pm and then again after about 5pm.	If you can and want to, call me.
see if you can download them at work and send them to	big pimping.	big pimping.	see if you can download them at work and send them to yourself.
Please respond to Chris.Germany enron.com	Chat with Alan at EES, I bet its the same escript you currently use.. This might be one of those let me get Alan to help me for a free lunch things.. Should I have this software installed??. ?. PNG and EOH have their own EBBs but they use the same Escript software.. You have to log in through PNGaltra and EOHaltra once you click into Escript.. If you don t see them they probably aren t installed.. If not maybe you could walk me through how to do it?. Are those the passwords for E-Script?. I can t seem to use them... My login for E-script starts something like ES0 so I assumed that hers would be something similar.. Let me know.. Thanks Kara!. That sounds wonderful to me.. For East Ohio user id is boydh2 , password is boydh4 For Peoples user id is boydh1 , password is boydh6. If you guys are still working on the CPA or NYSEG local, I MIGHT be able to help with that better so please let me know.. I m so glad you cleared this up with Sampson!. Thanks, Kara	Thanks, Kara	Chris.Germany enron.com on 07/18/2000 05:22:49 PM Please respond to Chris.Germany enron.com
Take a look when you get a chance and let	Harry-. I just offered up a trade to you.	I just offered up a trade to you.	Take a look when you get a chance and let me know what you think.
Please take the time to respond to this survey.			Please take the time to respond to this survey.
bout, please email us at editor money.net .	IMAGE 09 IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE 09. IMAGE 09 IMAGE 09 IMAGE IMAGE STOCK QUOTES: IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE I MAGE Please support our advertisers IMAGE Sponsored by: AT?. IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE The Scoop IMAGE Stocks Seen Nudging H igher at Open Stocks are expected to open slightly higher on Monday, exten ding Friday s gains, after comments from the top U.S. central banker helpe d soothe investors jitters about the economy.. Federal Reserve Chairman Al an Greenspan told delegates at the International Monetary Conference in Si ngapore on Monday that he did not see inflationary pressures in the United States.. Full Story IMAGE Sponsored by: National Discount Broker s IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE Inside Scoop Livin g Large Markets Life Stages Book Reviews IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE Do w Jones Dow Jones Ind 30 IMAGE NASDAQ Comp.. NASDAQ Comp.. IMAGE Most Popular Stocks IMAGE COMPX 2149.44 0.00 IMAGE AOL 52.75 0 .00 IMAGE JDSU 17.29 0.00 IMAGE MSFT 70.34 0.00 IMAGE C SCO 18.85 0.00 IMAGE AKLM 3.93 0.00 IMAGE AMAT 51.32 0.00 IMAGE F 24.59 0.00 IMAGE IMAGE money.net Feature IMAGE IMAGE Now you can link back to Money.net no matter what site you re on wit h our new interactive Tool Bar.. Jump to your streaming real time portfolio tracker, search for something on Google and check the latest sports scores with ESPN.. Trust us, you will love this product!!!!!. www.athoc.com/wis/act ivate/default.asp?pid 3D20523 mktmsg 3DCA1 IMAGE Don t forget to chec k out today s feature stories IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE Manufacturing Slu mp Deepens in May The National Association of Purchasing Management repor t Full Story IMAGE The Daily Strategist - Pervasive Economic Weaknes s Globally Uncertainty reigns over job report numbers Full Story IM AGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE If you have questions about our site, ple ase email us at info money.net .	www.athoc.com/wis/act ivate/default.asp?pid 3D20523 mktmsg 3DCA1 IMAGE Don t forget to chec k out today s feature stories IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE Manufacturing Slu mp Deepens in May The National Association of Purchasing Management repor t Full Story IMAGE The Daily Strategist - Pervasive Economic Weaknes s Globally Uncertainty reigns over job report numbers Full Story IM AGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE If you have questions about our site, ple ase email us at info money.net .	If there s a subject you d like to read a bout, please email us at editor money.net .
Please send to my attention at EB3150a.	Jeff:. That would be fine.	That would be fine.	Please send to my attention at EB3150a.
Please do not wait on me, go ahead and	Doug, Sounds fun but I can t commit now.	Doug, Sounds fun but I can t commit now.	Please do not wait on me, go ahead and fill up the foursome.
Please print the email and attachment  click  view .			Please print the email and attachment click view .
Please examine these billings for accuracy.	PLEASE E-MAIL ALL BILLING ISSUES TO CLIFFORD.JACKSON ENRON.COM OR TO THE SPECIFIC SOURCE OF THE PROBLEM S AS DETAILED BELOW: Year 2000 changes: Phone charges: Phones are being charged to the person s company and cost center where possible, otherwise to the rent location.. The description will start with People or Room unless it was entered manually at the source.. Data connections: One connection is being charged for each room instead of one connection for each port in a room.. Attached are spreadsheets with the detail supporting the expenses for all the various services provided by Enron Information Services.. EIS billings for items attached to the room, such as phones and data ports, and people specific services for contractors, such as LAN ID s and AT T calling cards, are billed to the same company and cost center as room rent in EB, 2AC, 3AC, or JF.. For Omaha, EIS uses a phone database maintained by Tammy Anderson for this purpose.. People-specific services are billed to the company and cost center corresponding to the employee s SAP company and department.. Video conference usage, data circuits, Ardmore usage, EDI, and web site billings are based on a company and cost center furnished by the resource using the service.. EIS bills services on a one month lag.. We take a snapshot of the Corporate Administrative Services rent file for each room in EB and 3AC, of the Omaha phone database for each room in Omaha, and of the SAP company and cost center for each employee.. This snapshot is taken about the 21st of each month for use as a source for billing information.	This snapshot is taken about the 21st of each month for use as a source for billing information.	Please examine these billings for accuracy.
Please give me a call if	Mark, I have attached a confirmation for a Lumber swap that was done today.. The deal will have weekly Calculations with the prices in the publication coming out every Friday.. However, payments will be made on a monthly basis.. Thank you very much for your help in this matter.	Thank you very much for your help in this matter.	Please give me a call if you have you any questions or if I can be of any help to you.
Tom:  Please forward your requisite email request to Donna Lowry, Rick Carson and Bill Bradford with your request and reasons.			Tom: Please forward your requisite email request to Donna Lowry, Rick Carson and Bill Bradford with your request and reasons.
Please help me think this out carefully.	There is an internal political risk that if we send out this letter the way it is written, Legal will be blamed for terminating a lucrative trading relationship.. I would like to manage this risk by putting back into the letter a bunch of self serving nonesense that will make it easier for the CRC guy to show the letter to his boss, while still getting our bottom line legal point across.	I would like to manage this risk by putting back into the letter a bunch of self serving nonesense that will make it easier for the CRC guy to show the letter to his boss, while still getting our bottom line legal point across.	Please help me think this out carefully.
Now that Will has been cleaning out scheduling tables, will you ensure that the prepays in the document below are still in the scheduling system.			Now that Will has been cleaning out scheduling tables, will you ensure that the prepays in the document below are still in the scheduling system.
Can you help me with that?	de nada. Thank you for your help. C.. Hola, Carolina.. Un gran besito a vos.. I htink that Victor LaMadrid can help you and he speaks spanish, too.. Tell everyone in BA hola .. Do you remember me?. If so, thanks !. !. I am sending you this mail since I will like to ask you something, I need to contact someone who works on gas schedulling in order to ask for some help.	I am sending you this mail since I will like to ask you something, I need to contact someone who works on gas schedulling in order to ask for some help.	Can you help me with that?
Could you email it	David, I did not receive the package in interoffice mail.	David, I did not receive the package in interoffice mail.	Could you email it to me or re-send it by fax at PHONE ?
Then, please send the original to Lynda at:	Hi Mollie and Kate,. Please see the attached letter.. Could you please print it on Enron Letterhead and once signed, fax a copy to Lynda Goodrich at PHONE .	Could you please print it on Enron Letterhead and once signed, fax a copy to Lynda Goodrich at PHONE .	Then, please send the original to Lynda at:
Please schedule both the June 14 and July 18 on my calendar.	Pat,	Pat,	Please schedule both the June 14 and July 18 on my calendar.
Please provide a brief personal history of the two principals involved in	George,. The San Marcos project is sounding very attractive.. I have one other investor in addition to Keith that has interest.. Some additional background information on Larry and yourself would be helpful.	Some additional background information on Larry and yourself would be helpful.	Background Questions: Please provide a brief personal history of the two principals involved in Creekside.
Can you call Cantekin to discuss the details?	Zimin,	Zimin,	Can you call Cantekin to discuss the details?
Can you please increase HPLC s MDQ for contract 5910 from 50,000 MMBTU s to	Sharon,	Sharon,	Can you please increase HPLC s MDQ for contract 5910 from 50,000 MMBTU s to 100,000 MMBTU s effective December 13, 2000?
However, please confirm and assure that all SQMD meter data	Market Participants:. Please assure that this information is forwarded to your respective Pre-Scheduling, Real Time Dispatch and Metering Operations!!. !. The transition to Daylight Savings Time is rapidly approaching.. In preparation ISO Market Operations has provided the following Scheduling Procedure to help assure a smooth transition.. The Scheduling Procedure is the same one used in 2000.. CAISO Scheduling Procedure for Daylight Savings Time Transition. The following is a brief explanation of how SC s should prepare schedules for submission to the CAISO Scheduling Infrastructure SI system for the upcoming conversion to Daylight Savings Time commencing on 4/1/01.. When submitting preferred or revised preferred schedules for Trade Date 4/1/01, which is considered a Short day because an hour is lost, SC s should schedule all 24 hours of information with the data for HE03 being zeroed out in the template or blanked out when using the CAISO SI Web Workspace to submit schedules.. The ISO s System Applications SA do not read or write data from/to the SI database for the Short day s HE03.. Therefore, no data will be sent to settlements for this hour.. Consequently, settlements will have only 23 records for this Short day, Trade Date 4/1/01.. If you have additional Scheduling questions for this trade date, please contact Ginger Seitles, ISO Market Operations, PHONE .. CAISO Metering Procedure for Daylight Savings Time Transition. The ISO receives all Settlement Quality Meter Data SQMD in PST, year around.. Therefore, the transition to DST should require no modification to meter data submission.	Therefore, the transition to DST should require no modification to meter data submission.	However, please confirm and assure that all SQMD meter data continues to be submitted to ISO MDAS in PST.
calculation and let me know when you have the demand charge set up  or not .	Frank - I m forwarding the email I received from Enserco regarding the penalty for our failure to take the full volume on days 1 and 18 on deal 423705.. As I explained to Suzanne, I would not have paid this had they invoiced me for it but Enserco is a Netout customer and we were in a net receivable position this month so they deducted this amount out of what they paid me.. As the penalty seems to be legitimate, can I get you to set up a new deal in Sitara to offset the receivable?. If you agree with their calculations, can you set up a positive Demand charge of 2,405.03 with Enron as the Purchaser and Enserco as the Seller?	If you agree with their calculations, can you set up a positive Demand charge of 2,405.03 with Enron as the Purchaser and Enserco as the Seller?	Please reply to this email with your approval or disapproval of their calculation and let me know when you have the demand charge set up or not .
Please, register me.	Shirley,	Shirley,	Please, register me.
Please add to my personal contact list			Please add to my personal contact list
Could you also forward to the SF office.	Thanks very much Scott.	Thanks very much Scott.	Could you also forward to the SF office.
questions please call me at ext 54751.	Attached is the Global Standards report for 12/28/00.	Attached is the Global Standards report for 12/28/00.	If you have any questions please call me at ext 54751.
Wayne can you set up a meeting	Guys, I would like to schedule a quarterly meeting to review our technical risk as a part of this reporting procedure.	Guys, I would like to schedule a quarterly meeting to review our technical risk as a part of this reporting procedure.	Wayne can you set up a meeting for the four of us over the next few weeks.
Please go through your Lotus Notes file and find your	Some time ago, I sent an e-mail to everyone asking that they print/save an e-mail from GE that indicated their username and password for Domino Accounts.. For your reference, I am forwarding my notification as an example.	For your reference, I am forwarding my notification as an example.	Please go through your Lotus Notes file and find your notification.
Please RSVP by Friday, March 3 to Gracie Presas at ext. 3-3985.			You are cordially invited to attend
Please check with me prior to traveling to conferences.			Please check with me prior to traveling to conferences.
Please put attendees on my calendar.			Please put attendees on my calendar.
Sal Dominguez - please provide SIC   electronically to Lillian Bailey	Lillian R. Bailey Administrator Corporate Services EB4804A Phone 713/ PHONE Fax 713/ PHONE . and JSB Asset, L.L.C.	and JSB Asset, L.L.C.	FYI Kate Cole Geneva Holland Teresa Callahan Hardie Davis Frazier King Bob Carter Susan Scott Sal Dominguez - please provide SIC electronically to Lillian Bailey
Please confirm with Jan  503/464-8814  and we ll set up a call-in number.	Karen,. Both Lisa Bills and Rose Engeldorf are out of town this week, which means we don t have all the players from Global Finance available.. Humberto can t remember how to spell his last name from Global Finance/ENA may be available, and he has participated in similar discussions on two other projects.. At some point he will need to be involved.. The time is fine with me.. Kay. Is everyone available at 2:00 Pacific time on Monday for a call to discuss the GE turbine contract assignment issues in the Pastoria EPC contract?	Is everyone available at 2:00 Pacific time on Monday for a call to discuss the GE turbine contract assignment issues in the Pastoria EPC contract?	Please confirm with Jan 503/ PHONE and we ll set up a call-in number.
Please review and let me know if you have any issues.	Attached are my revisions to the Lost Creek Gathering Agreement for the Devon deal.	Attached are my revisions to the Lost Creek Gathering Agreement for the Devon deal.	Please review and let me know if you have any issues.
Please do your best to support the airline, hospitality, and resort sectors of the world economy and book a dive trip soon.	PADI Americas 30151 Tomas Street, Rancho Santa Margarita, CA PHONE PHONE , or PHONE http://www.padi.com. To unsubscribe or change your email address, please go to http://www.padi.com/fun/email/default.asp. Dear Fellow Diver;. We are watching things very closely to see what PADI can do to help the dive industry get back to business as usual.. I want to thank all of you who have sent me notes letting me know that you are still traveling, and still telling friends to get wet and try this cool sport.. We are currently evaluating incentives to encourage you to bring even more people into scuba diving, and we are asking other stakeholders in the industry to do the same.. Every study we have ever done indicates that word of mouth from friends and family brings more people into diving than anything else.. So, stay tuned as we develop innovative ways to recognize and reward you for doing what you love to do anyway: tell people about the thrill and fun of scuba diving.. And, just a reminder.. I m still sending out checks to Fellow Diver Newsletter readers for 10.00 until October 31st .. To get yours, just sign up for any PADI Adventures in Diving, Rescue Diver, or Divemaster course, send me your receipt attached to your special Fellow Diver coupon and I ll send you a check.. Download your coupon at http://www.padi.com/promo/dfd/ Just type in padidiver when asked for the password.. If you remember, a couple of months ago, we were trying to get Fellow Diver Newsletter readers to join us on Grand Cayman to dive with some huge country western music stars.. Well, if you didn t make it, you can read all about it in this month s issue of Country Weekly.. Travis Tritt and SheDaisy tell you about their great experiences as PADI Divers during Cayman Country.. You can also see story summaries on the PADI Today Home page at http://www.padi.com. Speaking of travel, as you know, the travel industry has been hit hard by the events of September 11th.. I just wanted to thank all of you who participated in our online survey at http://www.padi.com about your future travel plans.. As of this moment, 68 percent of divers taking the survey are not changing existing travel plans.. Of the 32 percent who are changing their plans, about 90 percent are only changing the dates or the destination of their travel.. That means only 10 percent of divers taking the survey are permanently canceling their trips.	That means only 10 percent of divers taking the survey are permanently canceling their trips.	Please do your best to support the airline, hospitality, and resort sectors of the world economy and book a dive trip soon.
Please review and provide comments.	Confidential Work Material - Attorney Client Privilege. Attached for review is a draft of the letter to be sent to Wildhorse concerning the Gathering Agreement under which the Entrada and Dakota production is committed.	Attached for review is a draft of the letter to be sent to Wildhorse concerning the Gathering Agreement under which the Entrada and Dakota production is committed.	Please review and provide comments.
Please make a copy of the documents once they	Stephanie, attached is the final version of the negotiated CSFB Brokerage A greement.. Please send for execution, track the documents for a returned c opy and update lotus notes.	Please send for execution, track the documents for a returned c opy and update lotus notes.	Please make a copy of the documents once they are signed to keep in the brokerage files until we get the fully executed v ersion back.
1999.  Please update your records.			Hi guys,
3.   Please look at the language in sections 5 a vii bankruptcy  and			-bcc: X-Folder: Mark Taylor Jun2001 Notes Folders All documents X-Origin: Taylor-M X-FileName: mtaylor.nsf
Give me a call.	I am free all day except 8AM and 10AM.	I am free all day except 8AM and 10AM.	Give me a call.
limited time so check out the offer and sign up today.	Dear Sportslynx Visitor:. Betmaker has made a special offer to all Sportslynx.com visitors.. This is a great bonus offer from a great sportsbook.	This is a great bonus offer from a great sportsbook.	It s for a limited time so check out the offer and sign up today.
Please call to discuss.			Please call to discuss.
Please review the following:	Dear Mr. Lay,. I am contacting you regarding Enron Energy Services possible speaking participation as a at this exciting new event.. Telecom Energy: Strategies to Reduce Power Consumption, Cut Operating Cost and Improve System Performance will be held November 8-9, 2001 in Atlanta, Georgia at the Hyatt Regency Hotel.. Below is the suggested session that in which Enron could participate as a speaker.. We would like to confirm you on this session, or if you see a different session which is not listed here on the program let us know which one you are interested in.	We would like to confirm you on this session, or if you see a different session which is not listed here on the program let us know which one you are interested in.	Please review the following:
Please print this e-mail message or record the	Darron,. Thank you for using the Alamo Rent A Car website to make your car rental reservation.. Your Confirmation Number is: PHONE . You will need this number to pick up your car, make any changes to, or cancel your reservation.	You will need this number to pick up your car, make any changes to, or cancel your reservation.	Please print this e-mail message or record the confirmation number to pick up your rental.
I need your Help!	Hi Tom,	Hi Tom,	I need your Help!
Please send a bilateral NDA  re: Broker Client  to:			Tana, Please send a bilateral NDA re: Broker Client to:
Please respond to chrisl			Chris Lamb chrisl technologylaw.com 11/02/2000 01:38 PM Please respond to chrisl To: snord enron.com, snord enron.net cc: Subject: Advanced Services ISP Order
Please email us or	MF May 11th, 2001.pdf. Good Friday Morning - Comments From The Local Guys!. Economic data so far this quarter has been extremely ambiguous.. On the one hand, the employment figures released last Friday were soft, with net hiring shrinking for the second consecutive month and the unemployment rate rising to 4.5 .. On the other hand, consumer sentiment has improved, and the April retail sales figures were stronger than anticipated.. As we have mentioned, this mixed data has increased the odds the Federal Reserve will ease by only 25bp next Tuesday.. At this stage, Lehman Brothers economists still think the odds favor a 50bp cut, given the underlying weakness in the economy, particularly in high-tech and manufacturing, together with the abysmal employment data.. The change in the perception on the strength of the economy can be seen in the higher interest rates posted below.. The 30-year US T-Bond yield is 5.87 .. The 10-year yield is 5.47 .. The 5-year is trading at 4.98 .. Spot crude oil is trading at 28.62 p/b.. Natural Gas - Henry Hub - is trading at 4.27 p/mcf.. AD Time:. New Federal Insider-Trading Rule Rule 10b5-1 have been adopted by the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.. This rule greatly enhances an insider s/employee s ability to trade his/her corporate shares during blackout periods.. Previously, without the protection of this new SEC rule, employees and insiders could safely trade only outside of designated blackout windows.. Under this new rule, insiders/employees may have the ability to purchase and sell their corporate shares even during blackout periods if a written plan was established and in force when the insider/employee was not in possession of material, non-public information.. The new rule contains other restrictions and should be reviewed carefully.. Lehman Brothers has established a turn-key plan that take into account the regulatory procedures for establishing such a plan.	Lehman Brothers has established a turn-key plan that take into account the regulatory procedures for establishing such a plan.	Please email us or call us for more information.
Please apprise if you can extend the	I extended both deals.. D. Daren,. I m attempting to clean up my allocations, due to this being allocation close week for Volume Management.. 98-1534 delivery meter overflowed into March, day 1 only, for .30 decatherms Sitara Deal 163005 - Start date 2/1/2000 and stop daate 2/29/2000 .. The 215K is the only one at this meter for Feb. 2000 production.. I don t see a new Sitara deal number being referenced nor do I see the evergreen flag applied here.	I don t see a new Sitara deal number being referenced nor do I see the evergreen flag applied here.	Please apprise if you can extend the ticket for this small amount for 3/1/2000 or if you want it handled differently.
Please follow up with Kay.	This needs to be TurboParked parties changed, GFinance advised .. Is there any special deal on payment for the change order?. I ll figure out how to change the signature lines, etc.. Kay. Chris: Are we already paying GE for the change order?. Is GE pushing to have this resolved?. Pending input from Kay, I would like to hold off documenting it until we deal with the contract assignment and ultimate disposition of the unit.	Pending input from Kay, I would like to hold off documenting it until we deal with the contract assignment and ultimate disposition of the unit.	Please follow up with Kay.
Can you please respond to Phil.			Debra, Can you please respond to Phil.
Can you guys review this posting prior to Tuesday morning?			Can you guys review this posting prior to Tuesday morning?
Could you please call either me or Sara	Christopher: We have done a trade with a Bermuda hedge fund and have negotiated collateral provisions that may require them to post csah to us.. The agreement will be governed by either Texas or New York law.. We need your advice on how to perfect our interest in any cash posted to us that we would hold in an account in the United States.	We need your advice on how to perfect our interest in any cash posted to us that we would hold in an account in the United States.	Could you please call either me or Sara Shackelton PHONE if possible tomorrow or you can send me an e-mail if that is easier.
Please call him and tell him.	Please tell Mike that I m on a conference call, but can step out if he wants to come up.. Obviously, I m in my office.	Obviously, I m in my office.	Please call him and tell him.
Could you please pick up whatever materials they have on this when they hav			Suzanne: Could you please pick up whatever materials they have on this when they hav e 20 the exhibition in the lobby or ask them to mail them to me at home?
To RSVP, please respond to this email or call 215-573-7722 before November	???????. Emerging Technologies Management Research Program Mack Center on Technological Innovation ?The Wharton School???. ???????. ???????. A SPECIAL INVITATION FROM THE WHARTON SCHOOL. On behalf of the Wharton School and Insead, we are pleased to extend a special invitation for you to participate in our 3rd semi-annual workshop on best practices in HIGH TECHNOLOGY ACQUISITIONS-- Tuesday, December at the Wharton School in Philadelphia.. ?. This event will include presentations by our research team at Wharton and Insead, as well as presentations and discussions by corporate managers involved in M A.?. Typically, these are smaller events, with about 15-20 companies participating.. Twice each year, we invite approximately a dozen companies to join us at a workshop in which we present our most recent research-in-progress from our ongoing initiative on best practices and strategies in high technology acquisitions.?. This is part of our research activity and there is no conference fee.. Our December 5 event will be of special value to senior decision makers involved in planning or implementing growth through mergers and acquisitions.?. In case you are unable to attend or would like to include another senior manager from the M A sector, please feel free to forward this invitation to a colleague.. An agenda for the symposium is attached, though we stress that the direction of our discussions will be flexible and responsive to the interests of participants.. ?. Accommodations are available at the Inn at Penn at the special rate of 164?. tel: PHONE - Mention the Emerging Technologies Program at Wharton when making reservations .. ?	?	To RSVP, please respond to this email or call PHONE before November 25.?
made to it in order to customize for the Japanese launch, could you please	Yes, so far that is the plan.. Mark,. Considering that we are using US law, can I assume that the Japanese clients will use US PA s and ETA s?. If not, could you please send us the appropriate contracts?. Thanks in advance,. Mario Parra Cardoso EnronOnline. Mark. How are things going?. I just wanted to make 2 requests:. Could I have your notes re: legal FAQ ASAP I have a copy of the PA from the EOL site.	Could I have your notes re: legal FAQ ASAP I have a copy of the PA from the EOL site.	If there were any revisions made to it in order to customize for the Japanese launch, could you please send me an electronic copy
Please review and advise should any changes be required.	Good Afternon Sara,. Here is the revised confirmation that I believe captures what they are looking to accomplish.. They are looking for us to create one confirmation that is open ended to allow additional trades as well as deletions along the way.. I believe this language accompishes this concept.	I believe this language accompishes this concept.	Please review and advise should any changes be required.
Please RSVP to campbell haas.	For those that missed this trip during the last day at Haas or for those that would like to do it again?I hope?you can join us this Saturday.. The last trip was awesome!. ?. Redwoods Haas - Marin Coast hike this Saturday, May 5?. ?. Join Redwoods Haas and new admits for a Day at Haas/Redwoods trip this Saturday.. ?. We will meet at Cronk Gate at?12:00pm?for the drive over to Muir Beach in Marin County.. We will hike?. ?up Green Gulch?Valley?. ?then hike back along the spectacular Marin coast admist?. ?streams, cliffs and spring wildflowers back to Muir Beach.. The hike has great views of the ocean, San Francisco, Mount Tam and even distant Mount Diablo.. Along the way we will have a picnic lunch.?. We will return to Haas by??5?. :00pm at the latest.. The hike covers about 4 miles/1,?200 vertical feet and is moderately strenuous but not too bad if you are somewhat fit?.. What to bring: - Water!!!. - Sturdy walking/hiking shoes - A windbreaker and warm clothes although the weather forecast is good it can be quite chilly and breezy on the coast ?. Redwoods will provide: - Picnic lunch - A healthy workout ?. If you can drive, we need drivers!. ?. If you are coming from SF or elsewhere please let me know so we can arrange meeting up in Marin.. ?	?	Please RSVP to campbell haas.
Please review the attached Guaranty and provide your comments.	Dan,. I have forwarded you the Guaranty from Coastal.. This Guaranty is a redline version that Coastal has provided comments on.. At this time they do not want to negotiate the Master Agreement until they fully understand how their current positions will fit into El Paso s trading book with the upcoming merger.	At this time they do not want to negotiate the Master Agreement until they fully understand how their current positions will fit into El Paso s trading book with the upcoming merger.	Please review the attached Guaranty and provide your comments.
could you please get and NDA going for Cargill.	Any conflicts?. Tana,	Tana,	could you please get and NDA going for Cargill.
please notify the sender immediately and delete the original.	Mike Baer Accenture - Legal Group 100 South Wacker Drive, Ste.. 515, Chicago, IL PHONE Voice: PHONE , Octel: 69/31512, Fax: PHONE eMail: michael.e.baer accenture.com. This message is for the designated recipient only and may contain privileged or confidential information.	This message is for the designated recipient only and may contain privileged or confidential information.	If you have received it in error, please notify the sender immediately and delete the original.
Please review the attached discount letter for New Mexico Natural Gas, Inc.	Pls review and give me your OK, then I ll respond to Christine.. Thanks.. DF. TRANSWESTERN CONTRACT APPROVAL REQUEST	TRANSWESTERN CONTRACT APPROVAL REQUEST	Please review the attached discount letter for New Mexico Natural Gas, Inc. NMNG .
Max, would you call Tiffanie Wheeler at Reliant to discuss the volume discrepancy on 2/27/02.			Max, would you call Tiffanie Wheeler at Reliant to discuss the volume discrepancy on 2/27/02.
please provide the pricing on this deal?	Chris and all--Below is our volume request for July 7-31 for C I customers behind COH.. Its a similar situation to the one we had in June with C I customers taken over from us by Metromedia Energy.. We need to do a separate deal to cover these volumes like we did in June.. Please provide Kara with contract numbers in the morning.	Please provide Kara with contract numbers in the morning.	Also, could you please provide the pricing on this deal?
definition for  Force Majeure , please include the definition for	Good Morning Dan:. Hope your Thanksgiving was safe and happy.. Legal and Credit have returned the contracts from final review and the only two edits we would ask are as follows:. Page 2 - ARTICLE 4 DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES 4.1 Early Termination: At the top of page 2, second column, please delete the reference to arbitration of the Termination Payment and perhaps use something like good faith efforts by both parties...... .	Page 2 - ARTICLE 4 DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES 4.1 Early Termination: At the top of page 2, second column, please delete the reference to arbitration of the Termination Payment and perhaps use something like good faith efforts by both parties...... .	Page 1 of Appendix I - DEFINITIONS Following the definition for Delivery Point s and before the definition for Force Majeure , please include the definition for Financially Firm .
Mike, can you keep the approval amount under  20M?			Mike, can you keep the approval amount under 20M?
Please contact me at ostdiek rice.edu	Rice/Enron Finance Seminar Series Participants:. We are getting ready to kick off the 2000/2001 Enron Finance Seminar Series at Rice University.. You can find the current schedule at http://www.ruf.rice.edu/ jgsfss/ .. Note that this is a new web address.. For your convenience, here are the dates and speakers lined up so far:. Sept 22 Jeff Pontiff, U. of Washington Sept 29 Len Mirman, U. of Virginia Oct 6 Charles Lee, Cornell Oct 13 George Allayannis, Darden Oct 20 William Goetzmann, Yale Nov 17 Yacine Ait-Sahalia, Princeton joint seminar with Rice Economics. Mar 9 Paul Schultz, Notre Dame Apr 27 Luigi Zingales, U. of Chicago. Lined up for the spring but date not yet scheduled:. Tim Bollerslev, Duke University Matthew Richardson, New York University. As changes are made to the schedule, I will notify the distribution list.. In addition, as we have done in the past, we will post the abstract and a downloadable version of the paper if available to the website a week or two before the seminar.. The website will also provide a link to the speaker s homepage so you can access his or her biographical information.. If the paper is not available at the website, I will send a hardcopy to interested Jones School faculty, to Felecia Jones Economics , Latha Ramchand University of Houston , and Vince Kaminski Enron .. I will e-mail an announcement before each seminar, reminding you of the seminar date, time, and location.. The distribution list will include everyone that receives this e-mail.	The distribution list will include everyone that receives this e-mail.	Please contact me at ostdiek rice.edu if you would like to be deleted from the mailing list or if you know of someone who should be added new PhD students, new faculty, etc.
Amelia,  Can you check on contract   96021047 to see if this is any current			Amelia, Can you check on contract PHONE to see if this is any current transport activity on this contract.
give me a call.	Forwarded by Esther Gerratt/LON/ECT on 28/06/2000 16:21. Please find attached a final copy of the due diligence report for MG.. The black line version marks all changes made from the draft that was forwarded to you on Wednesday, June 21.. I have also attached appendix V,VI and VII as those were provided to me in an electronic format.. If you are interested in obtaining a copy of one of the following appendices, please just come by and I can provide you with a hard copy.. I.. Engagement Letter II.. Group Structure III.. Henry Bath Warehouse List IV.. 31 March 2000 Balance Sheet	31 March 2000 Balance Sheet	If you have any questions/comments on the report, please do not hesitate to give me a call.
Can you schedule 30 minutes after trading on Tuesday to discuss.	Keith: I made a ton of progress on the NewDeal Model over the weekend and tonight.. I resolved all of the issues we discussed on Friday.. In other words all of the positions pull from the hedge strips correctly, and the EOL data pulls in correctly.. I am working on the other tabs that we will need, including the New Broker deals and New EOL tabs.. The data is all there, I just need to get it to display in the common format.	The data is all there, I just need to get it to display in the common format.	Can you schedule 30 minutes after trading on Tuesday to discuss.
Could you meet with her about 4:15pm at my office.	Debbie has to be downtown for other reason on May 24th.	Debbie has to be downtown for other reason on May 24th.	Could you meet with her about 4:15pm at my office.
Please email this to me  maybe you already have  and I will send it to this	Jeff:	Jeff:	Please email this to me maybe you already have and I will send it to this man Mike Jines .
Dan, can you make sure these charts get to Steve?	Steve, Dan W. et al:	Steve, Dan W. et al:	Dan, can you make sure these charts get to Steve?
please provide to me a call-in number for the conference.	Great!. I ll arrange it with Donna!. Melinda arranged the video conference on 32.. See you there!. --Christie.. Christie,. Feb the 20th is the best time for me.. Vince. Hi Vince!. The best dates for me are the 16th or the 20th.. Please let me know!. Thanks!. --Christie.. Tiger Hosts:. This is a reminder that the deadline for setting up the Mid-Project review dates for your Tiger Team is Friday, Jan 26.. The following are the remaining available dates/times.. Please let me know what works best for you at your earliest convenience.. Monday, Feb 12 4:30-6:30 or 6:30-8:30. Tuesday, Feb 13 4:30-6:30 or 6:30-8:30. Wed., Feb 14 4:30-6:30 or 6:30-8:30. Friday, Feb 16 10:00-12:00 or 6:30-8:30. Tuesday, Feb 20 6:30-8:30. Again, this will be based on a first come-first serve basis.. You may come to campus or this can be done by videoconference.	You may come to campus or this can be done by videoconference.	If you choose the latter, please provide to me a call-in number for the conference.
Please respond with your feedback on this issue.	Attached are the spreadsheets for September and October.. There is a measurement issue on 9/27.. Finalized TW measurement at the Interconnect shows 39455 Mmbtus, whereas SCADA from Gas Control at the inlet to the plant shows a volume of 58411 Mmbtus, therefore creating a difference of 19949 between the interconnect and the inlet to the plant.. Craig, I don t know if you have a more accurate number or if we just want to go with the 39455 measured volume since I believe it to be the most accurate volume.	Craig, I don t know if you have a more accurate number or if we just want to go with the 39455 measured volume since I believe it to be the most accurate volume.	Please respond with your feedback on this issue.
1.  David - please look at the new deal I created for this exchange  deal			-bcc: X-Folder: Chris Germany Dec2000 Notes Folders Ces resolved X-Origin: Germany-C X-FileName: cgerman.nsf
intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us	Forwarded by Amy Fabian/Corp/Enron on 08/14/2000 02:32 PM. This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential.	This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential.	If you are not the intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us immediately.
Pls send first thing.	Ty- can you send to me a copy of the latest producer package that we had sent out.	Ty- can you send to me a copy of the latest producer package that we had sent out.	Pls send first thing.
Please document your responses in the  Resolution  column and return the file, via email, by the target date.	The attached file contains the audit issues for which you were identified as the responsible party.	The attached file contains the audit issues for which you were identified as the responsible party.	Please document your responses in the Resolution column and return the file, via email, by the target date.
Could you please put together a combined presentation : Enron s strategy and			Could you please put together a combined presentation : Enron s strategy and the need for open access on the transmission system?
Please advise ASAP	Mark-. Please look at deal 474762 APS for a total of 19 MWh 8 11MWh .. I have found this deal in EnPower and in ETS and on the El Paso model.. The outstanding question is was the price 200 or 250?. El Paso has it at 250 and EnPower has it at 200.	El Paso has it at 250 and EnPower has it at 200.	Please advise ASAP
Please prepare the ISDA as requested.			Please prepare the ISDA as requested.
you could come by my place and get a look again and help me pick out the	Tana,. If you are still interested in doing the Williams Collection do, what would be a good time for you to go.. We can meet there and then go to dinner.	We can meet there and then go to dinner.	Or, you could come by my place and get a look again and help me pick out the right furniture.
Please print the brochure and fax the registration  form back to us at 303-741-0849 if you would like to attend any of these events.	Electricity Risk Management 101 Workshop And Portfolio Optimization for Electric Utilities Conference January 22-25, 2002, New York City, NY OVERVIEW. In the current environment of volatile energy prices and deregulation, it has become increasingly more important for the electricity industry to learn how to manage price risk.. EUCI presents two events formatted for the beginner to the expert in price risk management.. The first Workshop is designed for the beginner with no prior experience in risk management and introduces the basic vocabulary and concepts in a concise and easily understandable format which forms the foundation for the more advanced concepts applied in the second event Conference .. The brochure for the Electricity Risk Management 101 Workshop and the Portfolio Optimization for Electric Utilities Conference can be obtained by clicking on the link below:http://www.euci.com/pdf/risk mgmt.pdf. Transmission Expansion and Systems in Transition Conference Feb. 5-8, 2002, Miami, Florida OVERVIEW. This conference will examine the business and regulatory challenges to U.S. electric systems in transition in effectively expanding transmission capacity to meet new demands in the larger and more competitive regional markets emerging under FERC s RTO initiatives.. The conference will review the parameters of these challenges and possible solutions to them.. It will examine technology options and new business models for transmission expansion.. It will analyze emerging proposals for effective transmission planning and pricing, including market-based pricing alternatives to FERC s traditional pricing methods.. The conference will also discuss what it will take in legislative action and regulatory initiative to achieve an efficient regime for ensuring that the nation has a reliable grid and regional trading system.. The brochure for the Conference and associated Workshops can be obtained by clicking on the link below:http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans expn.pdf We are pleased to announce two new conferences to be held in Atlanta, GA in March 2002.	The brochure for the Conference and associated Workshops can be obtained by clicking on the link below:http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans expn.pdf We are pleased to announce two new conferences to be held in Atlanta, GA in March 2002.	The conferences and their links are as follows Electricity Market Design Conference, March 25-26, 2002, Wyndham Hotel Downtown, Atlanta, GAhttp://www.euci.com/confoverview.asp?ConfID 16 Power Generation Asset and Portfolio Management Conference, March 27-28, 2001, Wyndham Hotel, Downtown, Atlanta, GAhttp://www.euci.com/confoverview.asp?ConfID 15 Please print the brochure and fax the registration form back to us at PHONE if you would like to attend any of these events.
Check it out, and if possible, please forward this e-mail to your friends.	Hi!. I would like to introduce you to a new service that you would find useful: http://www.jobreviews.com. JobReviews.Com offers interview, salary, and job position reviews so that any current or aspiring job hunter can get the inside scoop on actual interview scenarios, salary offers, and prospective jobs.. I think this service is especially appropriate during this time of year since the recruiting season is in full swing!	I think this service is especially appropriate during this time of year since the recruiting season is in full swing!	Check it out, and if possible, please forward this e-mail to your friends.
give me a call when you are ready to get back together.	Thanks for your message.. I thought that John did have responsibility for risk, and I am glad to have that clarified.. Kristin worked for me for several years as the risk lead for ENA power and joined Barry at EBS last August, so I knew that you all had a great resource there!. I will look forward to a follow-up conversation to explore where we may have potential solutions for EBS that can be borrowed or modified from EWS.	I will look forward to a follow-up conversation to explore where we may have potential solutions for EBS that can be borrowed or modified from EWS.	Just give me a call when you are ready to get back together.
Please respond to Hi Vince,			Please respond to Hi Vince,
Please do remember to RSVP for the lecture  Origins of Transatlantic			Dear Menil Contemporaries, Please do remember to RSVP for the lecture Origins of Transatlantic Pop presented by David E. Brauer and Jim Edwards this coming Wednesday Feb. 28 at 7pm.
please print out			please print out
Any client who would like to see them please respond and we will send it right out.	5/30/2001 Wed. The PDF FILES ON THE TRADE BY TRADE REPORT ON THE YTD S/P AND THE MINI NASDAQ YTD ARE NOW READY!!!!!. The files are so large that sending it out in bulk is to much for our system.	The files are so large that sending it out in bulk is to much for our system.	Any client who would like to see them please respond and we will send it right out.
Could you pretty please check for me?	Let me see what I can do.. I can t believe you haven t gotten any kind of notice.. I still need your credit card information for the phone bill.. How do I get on the list for the form?	How do I get on the list for the form?	Could you pretty please check for me?
work to stand in the Enron lobby  or send my secretary to do it for me .			Oh wait, I can t go to the ball game because I couldn t take a day off from work to stand in the Enron lobby or send my secretary to do it for me .
Mary,  Please prepare a draft bi-latieral CA with the following entity:			Mary, Please prepare a draft bi-latieral CA with the following entity:
Please use your experience and discretion when entering transmission prices.	Dear Traders,. I have been finding and fixing a great number of transmission deals lately and I have noticed the following that keeps coming up:. When you put in a deal, please include the wheel if you are using transmission and be sure to route it properly.. When you schedule transmission for a deal, please be sure to separate light load hours and heavy load hours and put them in at different prices.. except Sundays and holidays, which are for the most part at LLH prices all day .. Please also record OASIS numbers in your Deal Entry or in Deal Scheduling when you request tranny.. Both Deal Entry and Deal Scheduling have fields for OASIS numbers.. If you don t provide OASIS numbers, I may have to rely on the counterparty s documentation as proof of of MW requested.. Here s a cheat sheet of LLH and HLH prices by company:. BPA LLH 2.25 HLH 5.00 NPC LLH 2.40 HLH 3.60 SNO LLH 1.75 HLH 2.25 PAC LLH 5.84 HLH 5.84. Of course, there are stipulations and these prices are not set in stone.	Of course, there are stipulations and these prices are not set in stone.	Please use your experience and discretion when entering transmission prices.
Please respond to  bfrain knight-cap.com			Please respond to bfrain knight-cap.com
Please modify the title to read  WSCC Plant Outages	Amanda,. Yes, it appears that the link you set up works properly, however, I have a slight change.	Yes, it appears that the link you set up works properly, however, I have a slight change.	Please modify the title to read WSCC Plant Outages portlant .
Would you look at this and let me know if it looks ok.			Would you look at this and let me know if it looks ok.
Please look them over and make sure that they are in	Enclosed is a copy of the generation reports we put together using your generation database.	Enclosed is a copy of the generation reports we put together using your generation database.	Please look them over and make sure that they are in the correct order an make sense.
2. Please provide CD with Construction Drawings and Plot Plan			-Origin: Rogers-B X-FileName: brogers.nsf
Please email me at Ann freemakeup.com.  Thanks.			IMAGE Hi, This is Ann again : , I hope you are having a great week.
Can you change this and let me know.	No, this is not deja vu.. I am now ready to confirm this deal, however, it has the wrong energy type.	I am now ready to confirm this deal, however, it has the wrong energy type.	Can you change this and let me know.
Please review all information and make any updates to the right of	As you may be aware, the Year-End PRC for 2000 is quickly approaching and your assistance is needed in ensuring a smooth process.. It is imperative that you supply your correct reviewing supervisor so you are represented properly during reviews.. Additionally, the Performance Management team requires this information to facilitate the PRC process.. The reviewing supervisor that you report to as of October 1, 2000 is the person that will provide your year-end individual performance feedback.. The information stored in our database regarding your current rotation is listed below.	The information stored in our database regarding your current rotation is listed below.	Please review all information and make any updates to the right of what was sent, preferably in a different font or color.
Please review and comment.	Attached is a draft response to the Frontera Notice of Force Majuere, and my tentative and preliminary litigation briefing.	Attached is a draft response to the Frontera Notice of Force Majuere, and my tentative and preliminary litigation briefing.	Please review and comment.
Also, please send me any updates you have sent out since the meeting last Fri.  Thanks.			Jeff--please put me on your list for any updates to the CA DA situation, including the proposed legislation.
Could you please talk to her about	Mark: I and several other people in our group are concerned about Cheryl s apparent unwillingness to attend on a consistent basis group meetings i.e., legal/credit meetings and seminars and our legal group meeting that are held.. I understand from Sara that today Tana had to go and get Cheryl to come to the legal/credit meeting.. Last week, she did not show up for the legal/credit seminar that Brent held.	Last week, she did not show up for the legal/credit seminar that Brent held.	Could you please talk to her about this?
Please change your  Capacity Types  so that they are unique.	Don,. FYI. Dear MAPP Transmission Providers and Customers,. On Wednesday, May 16th at 11:30pm CDT the MAPP OASIS NODE will be taken off-line for approximately 1 hour for database maintenance.. At the same time the latest version of OASIS software will be installed , v2.7.0d.. How does this effect MAPP Transmission Providers:. The new version of OASIS software allows for specific redirect service types.. Two new option fields have been added to the service types, Allow on Redirect and Account on Reduction .. These two fields can be changed by selecting Transmission Services under Provider Maintenance, and then click on the ID to update the transmission service.. The Allow on Redirect option determines whether the service type appears in the drop down box on the REDIRECT transmission request template.. The Account On Reduction determines whether REDIRECT request types appear in the Query for Reductions .. All services types will default to No for the two new fields for existing transmission services.. Requirements: Before the upgrade 1.. All Capacity Type entries must be unique for each transmission provider.	All Capacity Type entries must be unique for each transmission provider.	Please change your Capacity Types so that they are unique.
Please contact me at x5702	Approved.. DF. Approved, subject to Drew s approval.. TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE COMPANY CONTRACT APPROVAL FORM. Please review the attached revised non-standard discount letter to Duke Energy Trading Marketing DUKE and the associated letter from Transwestern to Duke which outlines the conditions of Transwestern s Contribution in Aid of Construction CIAC payment to Duke for certain facility upgrades.. The revised discount letter eliminates the reference to actual fuel calculated at 1.5 for the EOT Area which Duke shall provide to Transwestern.. All fuel which Duke shall provide Transwestern shall be at the Tariff fuel rate.. Bob Burleson has decided not to monetize the difference between actual fuel and Tariff fuel difference being only .19 and revise the rate given that the current economics of the deal already provide for a 24 rate of return not including any fuel retainage value added factor .. Transwestern shall pay Duke 750,000 for Duke facility upgrades in order to increase gas receipts into Transwestern from Duke s Artesia plant and Big Eddy gathering system by an incremental 20,000 Dth/d.. Duke shall subsequently subscribe to a five year transportation contract for 20,000 Dth/d of East of Thoreau EOT capacity at a .05/Dth/d one-part rate effective November 1, 2000.. Duke has been given alternate receipt and delivery rights in Transwestern s EOT Area.. Duke has also been granted the ability to flow to California on an alternate basis at a total rate of .09/Dth/d.. Please indicate approval via REPLY WITH HISTORY.	Please indicate approval via REPLY WITH HISTORY.	Please contact me at x5702 if any questions arise.
would you please change that occurrence of  Financially Firm  to just	Dan:. I have a dilemma and I m almost too embarrassed to ask you to help me resolve it.. As a matter of policy in this department, we are to stress the fact that we need financially firm language in all contracts.. When the Trader requested a contract with Enovate, he was not clear about his trading intentions and it was assumed that financially firm needed to be in the contract.. It seems that this language is now holding up the execution process of the Enovate LLC contract.. The Business Unit wants financially firm out and firm substituted.. The definition for firm that they want in the contract is the standard definition for firm that is in the GISB as follows:. Firm shall mean that either party may interrupt its performance without liability only to the extent that such performance is prevented for reasons of Force Majeure; provided, however, that during Force Majeure interruptions, the party invoking Force Majeure may be responsible for any imbalance charges as set forth in Section 7.2 related to its interruption after the nomination is made to the Transporter and until the change in deliveries and/or receipts is confirmed by the Transporter.. I believe the only other place in the contract that Financially Firm appears is on the first page, Article 2.	I believe the only other place in the contract that Financially Firm appears is on the first page, Article 2.	SCOPE OF AGREEMENT:, second line, would you please change that occurrence of Financially Firm to just firm ?
Please print message and attachment for me	It s late and I am out of paper.	It s late and I am out of paper.	Please print message and attachment for me for Tuesday morning.
Please revise the document as Aleck s changes indicate.			Please revise the document as Aleck s changes indicate.
Please carefully check the new reservation before cancelling your original	Phillip,. Thank you for using the Alamo Rent A Car website to make your car rental reservation.. Your Confirmation Number is: PHONE . You will need this number to pick up your car, make any changes to, or cancel your reservation.. Please print this e-mail message or record the confirmation number to pick up your rental.. TO CANCEL OR MODIFY YOUR RESERVATION To view your reservation, follow this link: http://www.alamo.com/Default.asp?ConfirmationID PHONE LastName Love PUMonthY ear OCT-2000 PUDay 12 Page Res ResPage V. To modify your reservation, follow this link: http://www.alamo.com/Default.asp?ConfirmationID PHONE LastName Love PUMonthY ear OCT-2000 PUDay 12 Page Res ResPage M. To cancel your reservation, follow this link: http://www.alamo.com/Default.asp?ConfirmationID PHONE LastName Love PUMonthY ear OCT-2000 PUDay 12 Page Res ResPage C. You may use the Web site to modify your reservation by following the link provided above.. Please note that availability or pricing may have changed.	Please note that availability or pricing may have changed.	Please carefully check the new reservation before cancelling your original reservation.
Please inform all  deal doers	I go away for a day and come back to yet another 40 million of PGE exposure.. I guess the lesson is to not go away.. Where does this end?. This is a painful way to learn about derivative credit exposure.	This is a painful way to learn about derivative credit exposure.	Please inform all deal doers at EES that they better have RAC review their deals Mercury in detail before they sign.
Please give this list to the appropriate risk groups  by index .	Jeff,. Do you have time to sit down this afternoon or tomorrow morning to go over this issue?. Dawn. Torrey/Dawn -. Do you guys really think this is a reasonable reqeust.. Looks like there are in excess of 1500 deals.. If you guys need this field covered, we need to come up with a better process than manually changing deals in TAGG.. Let me know how you would like to handle this or if we need to discuss further.. We will be happy to assist you any way we can, short of manually going into 1500 deals.. Thanks. Jeff,. I am attaching a list of EOL transactions that we need your help cleaning up .. With the new Broker-Client application that EOL is bringing on this weekend, we need to remove EOL from the broker field.. What we have run into is: there are many deals in Tagg that have EOL in the broker field but no EOL number.. We are requesting that risk go through and add the EOL deal number to the tagg legs where there is none listed.. The reason for this is that if we remove EOL from the broker field and there is no EOL deal number reference, then there is no way to no if that deal is an EOL deal.. For audit purposes, no one could tie back to the deals.	For audit purposes, no one could tie back to the deals.	Please give this list to the appropriate risk groups by index .
Please carry out the necessary	Vince: Apparently Neil McGregor became upset when he received Margaret Daffin s email.. He is saying, however, that Anshuman will only be in Houston for one month, and you had mentioned six months when we spoke earlier.. It really doesn t make any difference since he will need to get an L1 visa under either circumstance, but I thought you might want to see his email.. Molly. Forwarded by Molly Magee/HOU/ECT on 01/24/2001 10:09 AM. Molly: per our conversation today.. Please let me know the status so that I can proceed with the visa process.. Thanks Margaret. Anshuman is not moving or immigrating to the US.. We are allowing him to work for a 1month assignment in the US with Enron.	We are allowing him to work for a 1month assignment in the US with Enron.	Please carry out the necessary approvals and visa s on this basis.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help	David Gold 66 West 84th Street, Apt.. 2C New York, NY PHONE op25no1 hotmail.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Audrey, would you also please send me Steve s picture that we just took so we can post that also.	Audrey Steve:. Attached is what I was planning to have posted on the eSpeak website.. Please review and let me know if you have any changes.	Please review and let me know if you have any changes.	Audrey, would you also please send me Steve s picture that we just took so we can post that also.
intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us	Attached is a draft price reporting policy to address the Platt s issue we discussed.. As I indicated, a number of energy companies have asked for such a policy.. We thought that from an industry prospective unifying around a single policy made sense.. This policy is an attempt to address the concerns we have discussed.. I would appreciate your comments with a view toward creating what might be an industry standard in this area.. This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential.	This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential.	If you are not the intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us immediately.
Please do me and Bob Fisher in the Transport Settlements group a huge	Daren. I thought Tenaska was still doing it, at least accounting for it.. Therefore, this gas wasn t pathed during the month...and I believe we didnt have all the tickets in at the time.. What do you recall?. Thanks, Mark x33396. Forwarded by Mark McCoy/Corp/Enron on 12/06/2000 07:26 AM. Hi Guys,	Hi Guys,	Please do me and Bob Fisher in the Transport Settlements group a huge favor......Please let us know when the TXU/Lonestar transport deals for Tenaska IV Texas Partners have been entered into Path Manager for September 2000 .
Please e-mail me a response to this	Thank you for your timely response to FERC s data request.. To date, I have received responses to questions 2-8.. The only oustanding items are responses to question 1 and a portion of 4 unit identifier .. It is understood that the responses for 1 will be availalbe after September 15 and the additional information for 4 will be available this week.. We will look over your responses and call you if clarification or additional information is necessary.. We will treat as you requested 2, 3, 4, 6, and 8 as Confidential.. You were correct is responding only to the WSCC.. We did not purovidea separate data requests to Enron Wind.. In not doing so, what information are we missing from our data requests?	In not doing so, what information are we missing from our data requests?	Please e-mail me a response to this questions.
Check-In: When you arrive, please check-in at the registration table located	Sweet-um,. I ve never sent you an email.. Did you get this?. Love, mike. Please find below information regarding the Astros Wives Gala.. If you have any questions please contact Greg Grissom at ext.. 58741.. Thanks.. What: Black Ties and Baseball Caps - Astros Wives Gala. Where: Enron Field - Valet Parking will be provided along Texas Avenue, past Crawford Street close to Union Station .. Self Park is available in the Astros Parking Lots located at the corner of Texas Avenue and Hamilton Street.. When: 6:30 Cocktails and Silent Auction 8:00 Dinner and Live Auction. Dress: Black Tie Baseball Caps encouraged	Dress: Black Tie Baseball Caps encouraged	Check-In: When you arrive, please check-in at the registration table located in front of Union Station along Crawford Street where you will receive your table number.
Please check in with receptionist upon  arrival.	Below is the information for tomorrow s meeting w/Mayor Brown; note that the Mayor has allotted 45 minutes for this meeting.. Jeff, Steve and Lisa will meet in Jeff s office EB5007 at 8:15 a.m. to prepare and will walk over to City Hall for the 9:00 a.m. meeting.. IMPORTANT: Katherine, please call Darcy in Mayor Brown s office PHONE to let her know when Jeff, Steve and Lisa leave City Hall.. She will meet them at security to escort them through.. Thanks, SRS. Attn: Sherri Sera ?. This is to confirm an appointment with Jeff Skilling and Mayor Lee Brown.. ?. Location:?. Old City Hall Building ???. ???. ???. ???. Mayor s Office???????????????. ???. ???. ???. ???. 901 Bagby, 3rd floor ???. ???. ???. ???. Contact: Darcy Mackey ???. ???. ???. ?? PHONE ?. ?. Parking Instructions ?. At the corner of Walker and Bagby merge to the extreme left lane on Walker and enter the Theater District Parking ramp.. At the base of the ramp turn left sharp and park under the covered deck.. Enter City Hall through the double doors, go down the escalator and walk straight through the tunnel.. At the 3 elevators enter and choose 3rd floor.	At the 3 elevators enter and choose 3rd floor.	Please check in with receptionist upon arrival.
Please send a credit worksheet for Kentucky Utilities Company.			Please send a credit worksheet for Kentucky Utilities Company.
Please update the list and send it down to me.	James or Rishi: Please send out books to CalEnergy tonight.. We are still waiting for some others from legal, so I think that is the only one that will go out tonight.	We are still waiting for some others from legal, so I think that is the only one that will go out tonight.	Please update the list and send it down to me.
Please review the attached document regarding our conversation concerning			Tanya, Please review the attached document regarding our conversation concerning the back to back arrangement.
Please call Mirant for the hours above to make sure everything is being	Our upstream is Sempra, our Downstream is Mirant, it is a llh schedule that was cut by 1 mw HE 4-6, 23-24.. Mirant is taking it to real time, and Snohomish who is generating agrees with this.	Mirant is taking it to real time, and Snohomish who is generating agrees with this.	Please call Mirant for the hours above to make sure everything is being handled.
Please request the following wire transfer to be made as soon as possible	Julie,	Julie,	Please request the following wire transfer to be made as soon as possible next week :
Please respond to  ekrapels esaibos.com	Ed,. Thursday works for me.. What about 10:30 my time?. Vince	Vince	Edward Krapels ekrapels esaibos.com on 06/30/2000 02:43:00 PM Please respond to ekrapels esaibos.com To: Vince J Kaminski Vince.J.Kaminski enron.com cc: Subject: RE: Pre-meeting Weathereffects site cruise
about these permits in my absence, please call Gerardo Rios at	Larry,. An advertisement in the Navajo Times on October 4 will start the 30-day public comment period for the Leupp and Klagetoh permit mods.. We will send you copies of the draft permits and statements of basis, which you should receive a day or two before October 4.. I will be out of the office until October 22.	I will be out of the office until October 22.	If you have any questions about these permits in my absence, please call Gerardo Rios at PHONE .
Please also revise the the trader list for both the ENA  add Peter Schluter	Hi Stephanie, I will get the final version of ECT - Goldman International agreement by the end of the day onThursday and there is a lot of pressure to get it executed right away.. Tomorrow can you prepare and execute the accompanying documents.. For ECT s Authorized Traders List, you need to add Mark Schlueter doublecheck spelling and phone number to the list of traders.. This is a HIGH priority.	This is a HIGH priority.	Please also revise the the trader list for both the ENA add Peter Schluter and ECT add Mark in order to execute the Deutsche Bank agreements we discussed today.
can you please review			can you please review
If you plan to attend this meeting please RSVP to Colleen Grant at	Market Participants:. Please be advised that the Friday, March 9th New Facilities Interconnection Policy Stakeholder meeting has been changed to Monday, March 19th.. The location and times will remain the same.. If you are not able to attend and want to access through the internet the link has changed to the following:. http://acw.activate.net/intercall/ PHONE /californiaiso1 010319.ram http://acw.activate.net/intercall/ PHONE /californiaiso1 010319.ram. For those calling in, the phone information will remain the same.	For those calling in, the phone information will remain the same.	If you plan to attend this meeting please RSVP to Colleen Grant at cgrant caiso.com mailto:cgrant caiso.com no later than COB on Thursday, March 15th.
looks OK to you please forward to Dave Delainey and Kevin Presto.	Rick, looks like a good start - as per our discussion, this is a very important issue.. Janet, please assist on the UI front if necessary.. Regards Delainey. Here is NEPOOL strategy: feel free to contact any of us if you have questions or comments.. Thanks.. Per our discussion.. I ran this by Montovano, Hartsoe and Steffes.	I ran this by Montovano, Hartsoe and Steffes.	If it looks OK to you please forward to Dave Delainey and Kevin Presto.
P.S. Shirley, please send 2 copies to Thomas.			-Origin: Kaminski-V X-FileName: vkamins.pst
Please take a few moments to complete this brief 16-question survey to let us know how we re doing.	For the First Half of 2001, EWS Recruiting Services has filled 546 open positions in our client businesses, and we don t plan on easing our efforts a bit.. Our goal is to continue to improve our service to maximize alignment with the needs of our businesses.. We want to ensure that we move at the speed of Enron.	We want to ensure that we move at the speed of Enron.	Please take a few moments to complete this brief 16-question survey to let us know how we re doing.
intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us	Regards, Janice. EB3861 Assistant General Counsel, Enron North America Corp PHONE Fax: PHONE . Sara/Janice, thanks for your comments.. I have reflected them in the attached draft, marked to show your changes.. The governing law provision is a formulation that we have used at S C to accomplish the purpose of giving effect to NY-GOL 5-1401 and should achieve the purpose of the language you added to the power master amendment; I was planning to conform the latter to the language used here unless you have an objection.. Allegheny has not yet reviewed this draft so it remains subject to their comment.. I also need Yair to confirm that he is happy with the new Part 6 - Commodity Definitions section Yair, this is attached as Exhibit C to the attached document .. Let me know if you have any further questions or comments.. Thanks!. This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential.	This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential.	If you are not the intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us immediately.
Give me your opinions on where you want it to go from here.	Brad,. Here is the link to the map for TCO.. This is the first edition so I ll let you know as updates occur.	This is the first edition so I ll let you know as updates occur.	Give me your opinions on where you want it to go from here.
If you haven t yet received our brochures please send me your address and I	Dear Ben:. I would be happy to talk with you.. You should also talk with Ehud Ronn who directs the program.	You should also talk with Ehud Ronn who directs the program.	If you haven t yet received our brochures please send me your address and I will have them sent to you.
Could you please check to see if you have received this item s	I received the item.. DG. John/Darren,. We are in the process of cleaning our files and found this purchase order is still open.	We are in the process of cleaning our files and found this purchase order is still open.	Could you please check to see if you have received this item s and let me know so that we can get it out of the system.
Please fill out the form and send it with your check to 3AC-1409.	On Friday, January 26, 2001, an earthquake rocked the western region of India.. The earthquake reportedly had a magnitude of 7.9 and was centered in the state of Gujarat.. Initial reports indicate the death toll to be at least 15,000.. Most of the damage was reported in Ahmedabad, the state s commercial center.. Enron has a significant business presence in India.. It has E P interests off the Gujarat coast and is the majority owner of the Dabhol Power project, ultimately a 2,184 MW net generating plant, serving consumers in the state of Maharashtra, which borders Gujarat to the south.. Consequently, Enron Oil and Gas India Limited EOGIL , Enron India and DPC have mobilized staff and resources in India to tangibly assist the relief effort e.g.. contributing emergency medical supplies .. Enron employees are encouraged to donate to relief efforts and to take advantage of our Matching Gift Program to double the impact of your donation.. Enron will match, dollar for dollar, every donation that you make, up to 15,000 annually per employee.. Listed below are a multitude of organizations that are offering aid to the victims of this earthquake.. To print a Matching Gift form, please click here File: http://home.enron.com/cr/ and then click on gifts, grants and giving.	To print a Matching Gift form, please click here File: http://home.enron.com/cr/ and then click on gifts, grants and giving.	Please fill out the form and send it with your check to 3AC-1409.
this message in error, please forward this message to	This advertisement has been sent to you by TheStreet.com because you are currently or within the last year have been a subscriber either free-trial or paid to one of our web sites, www.thestreet.com or www.realmoney.com.	This advertisement has been sent to you by TheStreet.com because you are currently or within the last year have been a subscriber either free-trial or paid to one of our web sites, www.thestreet.com or www.realmoney.com.	If you are not a current or former subscriber, and you believe you received this message in error, please forward this message to members thestreet.com, or call our customer service department at PHONE .
Holly, please touch base with me if Mark approves before you arrange the	I think it s a nice idea.. Can we send Stephanie, Susan and Tana each some flowers on Friday Panus will be back as a thank you for the extra work they are doing and will do in Samantha s absence?. I think it would be a moral booster and a good way to say thanks.. If yes, can Holly coordinate?. Thanks.	Thanks.	Holly, please touch base with me if Mark approves before you arrange the flowers.
Please remove my name from the listserv.			Please remove my name from the listserv.
Please check with Cindy Stokes to see if she can tell you if there is going			Nicole, Please check with Cindy Stokes to see if she can tell you if there is going to be filing cabinets and where.
Please call the NYMEX ACCESSc Control Center  NACC  for all NYMEX ACCESSc	As of Monday, March 26, 2001, the NYMEX ACCESSc web site remains unavailable.. We expect to have the web site available on Sunday, April 1st for trade date April 2nd.. We will inform you if the web site becomes available earlier.	We will inform you if the web site becomes available earlier.	Please call the NYMEX ACCESSc Control Center NACC for all NYMEX ACCESSc price information at PHONE .
Would you please indicate the bid for Nymex, Basis and Index.	Please find enclosed a sheet that details volume by month at CGT App.	Please find enclosed a sheet that details volume by month at CGT App.	Would you please indicate the bid for Nymex, Basis and Index.
order, please use one of the following email addresses:	Please do not respond to this email. This mail is generated by an automated service.. Replies to this mail are not read by customer service, technical support, or sales representatives.	Replies to this mail are not read by customer service, technical support, or sales representatives.	If you need additional assistance with your order, please use one of the following email addresses:
Chair is approaching soon, please send me your estimates as soon as you can.	Scott,. Here s your 2000 plan.. Can send you me a copy of the 2000 plan for the East Desk?. As you are already aware, Suzanne Nichole has moved on and I am the new team reporting accountant for Gas Trading.. I am in the process of working on your plans for 2001.. Dealiney and Lavarato communicated that 2001 margin plans are to be initiated by each team and the minimum increase expected is 20 over each of your 2000 plans.. Please send me your margin expectations so that I can update the templates and forward you revised copies which will include your direct expense plan dollars.	Please send me your margin expectations so that I can update the templates and forward you revised copies which will include your direct expense plan dollars.	Given that the deadline for turning this information in to the Office of the Chair is approaching soon, please send me your estimates as soon as you can.
Ina, will you have the IT group order and install Socal Gasslect and Passport			Ina, will you have the IT group order and install Socal Gasslect and Passport on my desktop and laptop pc?
Please review the list and let me know	fyi. Attached is the list compiled by Marathon of influentials in each of our priority legislative districts this week, we re only focusing on Burton, Bowen, Hertzberg, Keeley and Cox .	Attached is the list compiled by Marathon of influentials in each of our priority legislative districts this week, we re only focusing on Burton, Bowen, Hertzberg, Keeley and Cox .	Please review the list and let me know ASAP if you know anyone on the list and would be willing to make calls.
please call  877  779-7724 or contact:	Bryan,. I am trying to set up a conference call 30 minutes with Andy Kalotay.. I worked with Andy at Salomon; he is now running his consulting firm in NYC and would like to talk to us about marketing a credit product he helped to develop.. The info is attached below.. Shirley will call you in the morning.. Vince. S P Credit Indices. S P Credit Indices reflect daily movements in credit spread levels within two sectors of the U.S. bond market.. S P Credit Indices are quoted in basis points over the U.S. Treasury yield curve once daily.. Credit spread movements within the investment grade spectrum are represented in the S P U.S. Industrial Investment Grade Credit Index while movements within the speculative grade rating spectrum are captured in the S P U.S. Industrial Speculative Grade Credit Index.. Each credit index represents the distribution of U.S. corporate issues across different rating categories and subsectors.. Re-balancing occurs regularly to ensure that the indices are composed of relevant issues with sufficient liquidity.. Pricing information for the S P Credit Indices underlying securities is derived from a number of sources.. Option adjusted spreads OAS are used as a proxy for nominal credit spreads in order to adjust for the presence of embedded options.. Standard Poor s utilizes the proprietary option adjusted spread model developed by Andrew Kalotay Associates, Inc.. For a copy of our methodology please send us an e-mail with your name and mailing address.	For a copy of our methodology please send us an e-mail with your name and mailing address.	To download index history, please click here.For more information about S P Credit Indices, including licensing opportunities, please call PHONE or contact:
Please take a look at the attached and let me know your thoughts.	Doug, Susan, Kim -. Below is the most current version of the ESA, updated to reflect a more current view of the product.	Below is the most current version of the ESA, updated to reflect a more current view of the product.	Please take a look at the attached and let me know your thoughts.
Can you add her to your distribution list so that she receives notice	I will be at the meeting on Thursday.. I have asked Brenda Herod to attend as well.	I have asked Brenda Herod to attend as well.	Can you add her to your distribution list so that she receives notice of these meetings as well?
this transmission in error, please call me collect at 612-335-1400 to notify	Leslie Can you please forward to the appropriate person. Ms. Sager, the attached document includes revisions to the Master Energy Purchase and Sale Agreement between NRG Power Marketing Inc. and Enron.. After you have had an opportunity to review the agreement, please give me a call at PHONE .. Thanks.. 15rrr01!.DOC. David M. Adams Attorney Leonard, Street and Deinard 150 South Fifth Street, Suite 2300 Minneapolis, MN 55402 Phone: PHONE Fax: PHONE Email: david.adams leonard.com. This electronic mail transmission and any accompanying documents contain information belonging to the sender which may be confidential and legally privileged.. This information is intended only for the use of the individual or entity to whom this electronic mail transmission was sent as indicated above.. If you are not the intended recipient, any disclosure, copying, distribution, or action taken in reliance on the contents of the information contained in this transmission is strictly prohibited.	If you are not the intended recipient, any disclosure, copying, distribution, or action taken in reliance on the contents of the information contained in this transmission is strictly prohibited.	If you have received this transmission in error, please call me collect at PHONE to notify me and delete the message.
Can you guys arrange a meeting room and lining-up one of ENA s compression	How does Friday sound for our chicago compressor interconnection meeting?	How does Friday sound for our chicago compressor interconnection meeting?	Can you guys arrange a meeting room and lining-up one of ENA s compression experts?
Please respond to newsdata newsdata.com	Four attachments. Forwarded by Alan Comnes/PDX/ECT on 03/17/2001 07:53 AM	Forwarded by Alan Comnes/PDX/ECT on 03/17/2001 07:53 AM	newsdata newsdata.com on 03/16/2001 02:55:51 PM Please respond to newsdata newsdata.com To: Energy NewsData newsdata newsdata.com cc:
Please handle this.			Please handle this.
Would you please send Rob Cole here at Enron a copy of our letter to EEOC for April?			Would you please send Rob Cole here at Enron a copy of our letter to EEOC for April?
Please circulate, including Lee.	This SHOULD be it.	This SHOULD be it.	Please circulate, including Lee.
logon id or password, please use the automated reset password and id lookup	Due to a delay with the printing of the direct deposit advices for the March 30th payday, the advices will be distributed later than normal.. We anticipate the majority of the advices will be received by Friday afternoon.. Please be assured this does not impact the deposit of funds to your bank account.. Your funds will be available on payday, Friday, March 30th.. Please remember that eHRonline provides functionality which allows you to electronically access your earnings statement.	Please remember that eHRonline provides functionality which allows you to electronically access your earnings statement.	If you need help with your logon id or password, please use the automated reset password and id lookup process online.
Please respond to  nmann erac.com	Can we swap days with Charlotte and go tomorrow?. We need her to pick up Michael if we are going to go together.. ckm	ckm	Neil Mann nmann erac.com on 05/15/2001 08:18:49 AM Please respond to nmann erac.com To: C. Kay Mann E-mail Kay.Mann Enron.com cc:
Kim, please forward to the traders.			Kim, please forward to the traders.
Please use the second check as the October payment.	Brenda,	Brenda,	Please use the second check as the October payment.
intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us	Sara/Janice, thanks for your comments.. I have reflected them in the attached draft, marked to show your changes.. The governing law provision is a formulation that we have used at S C to accomplish the purpose of giving effect to NY-GOL 5-1401 and should achieve the purpose of the language you added to the power master amendment; I was planning to conform the latter to the language used here unless you have an objection.. Allegheny has not yet reviewed this draft so it remains subject to their comment.. I also need Yair to confirm that he is happy with the new Part 6 - Commodity Definitions section Yair, this is attached as Exhibit C to the attached document .. Let me know if you have any further questions or comments.. Thanks!. Allegheny ENRON ISDA SIDE LETTER vRED .DOC. This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential.	This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential.	If you are not the intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us immediately.
Please bring me up to date if there have been changes since the first week of	There must be something I have missed.. The work order was submitted to Marketing for approvals and is in SAP but has not been released to date.. The middle of February in-service date mentioned below is out of the question.. I have not received word that pogo has given the go ahead for design or materials.. We are doing the design e-mail of 1-8-01 in preparation that they will want the interconnect.	We are doing the design e-mail of 1-8-01 in preparation that they will want the interconnect.	Please bring me up to date if there have been changes since the first week of January and if the scope of the project has changes since the cost estimate and materials requirements were submitted in early January.
Go ahead and order the ac for  27.			Go ahead and order the ac for 27.
Please respond to SmartAlerts etrade.com	Forwarded by Chris Germany/HOU/ECT on 06/26/2000 07:37 AM	Forwarded by Chris Germany/HOU/ECT on 06/26/2000 07:37 AM	SmartAlerts etrade.com on 06/24/2000 01:41:33 PM Please respond to SmartAlerts etrade.com To: Chris.Germany enron.com cc: Subject: Your E TRADE Authentication Code is 3080.
Please check this site regularly for updates	The second phase of reconstruction on IH 45 between W. Dallas and Memorial will begin Saturday, November 11, 2000, all northbound lanes will be closed at 7 PM.. All northbound traffic will detour to US 59 North to IH-610 Loop.. Two northbound lanes will reopen Monday, November 13, 2000, at 5 AM.. The Houston Avenue / Memorial Avenue exit and the entrance from Pease, St. Joseph s Parkway, and Walker will be closed until further notice.. Anyone typically using these routes must find an alternate route.. The following routes are recommended by the Texas Department of Transportation. New Ramp Chartres at Runnels to IH 10 West. Louisiana North to IH 10 West on ramp. Allen Parkway to Studemont or Waugh to IH 10. West Gray to Montrose North Studemont to IH 10. Bagby W. Dallas to Montrose North Studemont to IH 10. San Jacinto to IH 10 East. North on main to IH 45. Travis to IH 45. The Downtown District is updating it s web site with detailed road closure maps and suggested alternate routes.. This information is available at http://www.downtownstreets.com.	This information is available at http://www.downtownstreets.com.	Please check this site regularly for updates on street closures.
Please change as indicated			Please change as indicated
send me your resume and i will get it to some people in both groups.			send me your resume and i will get it to some people in both groups.
Please reply with your thoughts.	Thanks Bob.. Mark. 1 I presume references to the ENA Legal Department should remain as such and not be changed to the Enron Wholesale Services Legal Department.. fyi, in the revised policy, ENA remains as a defined entity in that it is listed as a member of the Group.. yes. The Resource Group, as we last discussed it, is composed of the following: Dave Delainey, Mark Frevert, Julie Gomez, Steve Kean, John Lavorato, Mike McConnell, Michael L. Miller, Jeff Shankman, Rick Shapiro, John Sherriff and Greg Whalley.. 2 Should Jeff McMahon CEO of Enron Industrial Markets be added?yes. 3 Should Ray Bowen COO of Enron Industrial Markets be added?yes. 4 Should Louise Kitchen CEO of Enron Net Works be added?yes. Once the Resource Group is finalized and the policy is ready to go out, I will prepare for your review a very brief memo 2 or 3 sentences to each person on the group notifying them that they have been designated to the group per the new policy, which is revised to reflect the new Enron Wholesale Services structure.	Once the Resource Group is finalized and the policy is ready to go out, I will prepare for your review a very brief memo 2 or 3 sentences to each person on the group notifying them that they have been designated to the group per the new policy, which is revised to reflect the new Enron Wholesale Services structure.	Please reply with your thoughts.
Please take a look at each presentation and speaker notes to ensure that you	Hello Vince and John,. I wanted to forward to you both the current presentations for campus.. We can tweak these however we feel appropriate to match Cal Berkeley on Monday.. I believe that we can probably expect about 30 - 50 students based on interest shown at the Career Fair .. These tend to be fairly informal.. I was thinking that we could present in this order:. Vince Gives the Enron overview presentation 30 minutes John Gives the Global Technology specific presentation 20 minutes Ashley Goes over recruiting information at the end 10 minutes	Vince Gives the Enron overview presentation 30 minutes John Gives the Global Technology specific presentation 20 minutes Ashley Goes over recruiting information at the end 10 minutes	Please take a look at each presentation and speaker notes to ensure that you feel comfortable with the layout and content.
ortant  to us -- please  read it.	IMAGE 09 IMAGE 09Nov 15, 2001 09 IMAGE 09 09 09 09 IMAGE 09. IMAGE 09. 09 IMAGE 09DJ FU WAX ATTACK 2: A KICKIN NEW MIX 09 09 IMAGE 09 09 09 09 09 IMAGE 09 IMAGE 09 IMAGE 09 09 09 The king of the Kung Fu DJs is back with an all new mix of back-breaking beats and kicks!. In this exciting sequel, Fu teams up with female mixing phenom DJ Zee for a four-city Ninja DJ Tour a cross the US.. Play now!. Brought to you by Ford Focus.. 09 IMAGE 09 09 09 09 09 ATTENTION MEMBERS IMAGE When the redesigned Shockwave.com launched on August 21, it came with an updated privacy policy.	09 IMAGE 09 09 09 09 09 ATTENTION MEMBERS IMAGE When the redesigned Shockwave.com launched on August 21, it came with an updated privacy policy.	Your privacy is imp ortant to us -- please read it.
Keep me posted on what you	Thanks for your nice note.. The promotion did get the year off to a nice start.. I am glad that you were pleased with the year end PRC process.. While time-consuming, I have appreciated the opportunity to get to know Associates like you whom I would perhaps otherwise not know.	While time-consuming, I have appreciated the opportunity to get to know Associates like you whom I would perhaps otherwise not know.	Keep me posted on what you are doing.
Please forward my apologies for missing the call.			Please forward my apologies for missing the call.
deal, please use the following volumes:	For the December sale to Sithe under our long term gas sales agreement, please use the following volumes for every day in the month:. Chippawa: 28,400 Dth/day PEPL: 37,776 Dth/day ANR-OK 41,933 Dth/day ANR-LA: 83,915 Dth/day	Chippawa: 28,400 Dth/day PEPL: 37,776 Dth/day ANR-OK 41,933 Dth/day ANR-LA: 83,915 Dth/day	For the volumes that ENA would buy back from Sithe in the field due to the MW Turndown deal, please use the following volumes:
Please look in your trade books for this deal to confirm.	Guys,. Puget is claiming that we did a real-time deal with their trader, Lisa, on October 17 HE 20.. The terms are 20MW purchased from Puget at a rate of 115.. We cannot find anything in the Inc or Services sheet, and nothing is in EnPower.	We cannot find anything in the Inc or Services sheet, and nothing is in EnPower.	Please look in your trade books for this deal to confirm.
Please call to discuss.	FYI.. How do you think we ought to handle Japan on this topic?	How do you think we ought to handle Japan on this topic?	Please call to discuss.
Upon approval and execution, please call me at x33399 to pick up the	Attached for your approval is the form of Enron Corp. Guaranty in favor of Engage Energy US, L.P., now known as Coastal Merchant Energy, L.P., which guarantees the obligations of ENA under an ISDA Master Agreement.. We will need the standard executed copy.. This guaranty will supersede and replace, in part, the prior guaranty with respect to ENA and Counterparty.. The guaranty will be fully replaced when counterparty receives the new Enron Corp. Guaranty with respect to the obligations of Enron Canada and Engage Canada still covered under the existing guaranty, and such replacement is still under negotiation .	The guaranty will be fully replaced when counterparty receives the new Enron Corp. Guaranty with respect to the obligations of Enron Canada and Engage Canada still covered under the existing guaranty, and such replacement is still under negotiation .	Upon approval and execution, please call me at x33399 to pick up the documents.
When you get around to setting up these fields for the West, please use the portfolio code  W  for West and then use the same methodology for Book Code that Andrea did.			When you get around to setting up these fields for the West, please use the portfolio code W for West and then use the same methodology for Book Code that Andrea did.
Can someone please send Dr. Lay a schedule, so he can plan	Mr. Smadja -. You may not be the person to ask, but I am trying to get information for Dr. Lay for the World Economic Forum Advisory Council meeting in Geneva in late August.	You may not be the person to ask, but I am trying to get information for Dr. Lay for the World Economic Forum Advisory Council meeting in Geneva in late August.	Can someone please send Dr. Lay a schedule, so he can plan accordingly?
Can we please get the computer equipment set up for these two	YOU GUYS ARE WONDERFUL.. THANKS. Joya F. Davis Sr. Admin.. Assistant ENA Legal Department EB3855A joya.davis enron.com PHONE DID PHONE FAX. The next available churn is scheduled for 7/10.. Your request will be added to the 7/10 churn.. Thanks, RC. On Monday, July 10th, I have two attorneys starting w/ ENA Legal Department.. Marcus Nettleton is transferring from EBS and Robert Bruce is from an outside firm.	Marcus Nettleton is transferring from EBS and Robert Bruce is from an outside firm.	Can we please get the computer equipment set up for these two gentlemen on Monday afternoon?
Can you look into this?	George,	George,	Can you look into this?
Please print all documents	Please find the interview packets for the above-referenced candidates.. The interviews will occur on Friday January 26, 2001.	The interviews will occur on Friday January 26, 2001.	Please print all documents for your reference.
Please open the attached file to read the complete text of the following			Please open the attached file to read the complete text of the following items:
Please make the following changes to the draft memo to Causey:	Sara,. NEVERMIND!. I just got a voicemail message from Kevin Howard that we do not need to formalize the internal management accting treatment.. JAG. Sara -	Sara -	Please make the following changes to the draft memo to Causey:
Also can you give	I do not understand this schedule.. Where is Diana and Renee in the evenings?	Where is Diana and Renee in the evenings?	Also can you give me the schedule for the weekends now that you have Diana and Renee on the weekends?
Please deliver to the counterparty.	Everything looks good to me.	Everything looks good to me.	Please deliver to the counterparty.
Could you please email the electronic version of the GE contracts which are	Brian,	Brian,	Could you please email the electronic version of the GE contracts which are ready for execution?
CEM, please provide the last two years of data.	This message and any attachments are intended for the individual or entity named above.. If you are not the intended recipient, please do not read, copy, use or disclose this communication to others; also please notify the sender by replying to this message, and then delete it from your system.. Thank you.. Tom Irwin asked that we contact you each of you directly on behalf of Allegheny to ask the following environmental due diligence questions that we have not resolved based on our review of the Dealbench documents.. Please, however, feel free to reference specific documents on Dealbench if you believe they would be useful.. Questions for All Facilities. 1.. What are the limitations on the number of hours that each facility can operate and what is the source of those limitations?. 2.. We understand that there are tentative expansion plans for each facility.. Were these future expansion plans disclosed to the regulating agencies at the time that the air permits were applied for, particularly at those facilities which did not undergo PSD review?. 3.. Which facilities are required to perform continuous emissions monitoring pursuant to its air permits?	Which facilities are required to perform continuous emissions monitoring pursuant to its air permits?	For those facilities performing CEM, please provide the last two years of data.
Please follow the steps to reset and synchronize your passwords.	IMAGE Thank you for using our automated self service password reset option.. The user id and password in SAP Apollo Production and HR Production , eHRonline, iBuyit and iPayit are all synchronized.. When you reset your password in eHRonline, it automatically synchronizes the password in the other systems.	When you reset your password in eHRonline, it automatically synchronizes the password in the other systems.	Please follow the steps to reset and synchronize your passwords.
Please review any prerequisite material to validate your eligibility in this			Please review any prerequisite material to validate your eligibility in this class.
Please read the following message from Dan Reck regarding WebModal.			Please read the following message from Dan Reck regarding WebModal.
Could you coordinate with Cindy Stark on the meeting with Massey in a couple			Could you coordinate with Cindy Stark on the meeting with Massey in a couple of weeks?
Also, don t forget to check out the current issue -- 20	We re getting so many great stories that we ve extended the deadline for yo ur 20 Enron Business Extreme Enron entries to Wednesday, March 28!. Have no idea 20 what we re talking about?. Read on 01 Enron employees are famous for taking risks.. Is this an ingrained 20 characteristic?. Are we natural-born adrenaline junkies?. We think so, but we 20 want to find out from you.. If your idea of a good vacation is training for the Eco-Challenge, driving 20 monster trucks or assisting archeological digs in Siberia, tell us all abou t 20 it.. If you know of an employee who has an unusual pastime like missionary 20 work in the Congo, chasing tornadoes or filming sharks, we want to know.. Send your entries by email to sarah.palmer enron.com, by fax to 713-853-679 0 20 or by mail to Sarah Palmer, Enron Public Relations, EB4703D, Houston, Texas 20 77002.. We ll choose our favorite extreme stories and publish them in the next issu e 20 of Enron Business.	We ll choose our favorite extreme stories and publish them in the next issu e 20 of Enron Business.	Also, don t forget to check out the current issue -- 20 newly designed -- at http://home.enron.com/pubs/enronbiz/2001/vol1/index.ht m
Would you please send me the commodity rates  including ACA, GRI, and Great Plains  for the following 2 releases:			Would you please send me the commodity rates including ACA, GRI, and Great Plains for the following 2 releases:
Can you update the original file you sent with Bryce s changes below.			Can you update the original file you sent with Bryce s changes below.
Please plan to attend.	Brenda - It would be best if you check with Marvia regarding my schedule before scheduling a meeting.. I will be in a PRC meeting all afternoon on Tuesday.. Also - don t you think you should invite Sally as well?. 12/5 RE: Payment Module. There will be a meeting on Tuesday, Dec. 5th in EB 21C2 from 3:00pm - 4:00pm.. This will be a follow-up meeting to discuss the payment module.	This will be a follow-up meeting to discuss the payment module.	Please plan to attend.
concerns regarding the transaction s , please call Craig Buehler at  713 853-6964	This message is to confirm your EOL transaction with Transwestern Pipeline Company.. You have successfully acquired the package s listed below.	You have successfully acquired the package s listed below.	If you have questions or concerns regarding the transaction s , please call Craig Buehler at PHONE prior to placing your nominations for these volumes.
Could you please review and get back to me.	Here this is - can you please let Derek know you will handle?. Thank you,. S. Shari, I sent a copy of a standard short form agreement to encore.. They have sent back comments.	They have sent back comments.	Could you please review and get back to me.
Please do a legal review of this Contractor Service Contract.			Cheryl, Please do a legal review of this Contractor Service Contract.
Please review the attached confirmation letter to see if it correctly			Kim, Please review the attached confirmation letter to see if it correctly reflects your transaction.
Would you please signify your concurrence by email.	Thanks David - these are fine.. Legal Mark following on from Paul Smith s email attached are the revised GTCs.. I am advised your signoff is required prior to them being loaded into EOL .. Essentially they are the previous HDD and CDD Australian weather swaps GTCs.. Each GTC has been amended slightly so it may be used for a product where the weather observations are derived from a source other than the Australian Bureau of Meteorology.. I have reviewed the GTCs and confirm they are acceptable.	I have reviewed the GTCs and confirm they are acceptable.	Would you please signify your concurrence by email.
company--please fax me a markup with your suggested changes.	Francisco - Here is an ISDA that Peggy needs in connection with a project she is working on in Mexico.. Can you take care of this one?. It looks like it is a deal-specific agreement for an interest rate swap or swaps.. Sara can probably fill you in on the kinds of changes from our standard form that would be ok.. Mark. Attached are some comments from Enron s outside counel on the draft ISDA Master Agreement which I forwarded to you earlier this week.. Could you please advise who is reviewing this document and when their review might be completed.. Thank you for your assistance.. Attached is the email forwarding the draft swap agt with SG.	Attached is the email forwarding the draft swap agt with SG.	Rogelio--please take a look at the docs required in Part 3-- some changes will need to be made I am sure to reflect that EEIM is a Mexican company--please fax me a markup with your suggested changes.
Could one of you please email me a copy of the standard template you use for Enfolio gas purchase agreements?			Could one of you please email me a copy of the standard template you use for Enfolio gas purchase agreements?
Check out the iConference  Archive later this wee	?. 09 09www.erisk.com 09 09What s New at ERisk.com - 23 March 2001. Weekly Review 09This week s economic, banking and P insurance news, from an 20 enterprise risk management perspective.. Read it here... 09 09 Analysis 09 09In this week s Analysis: 09 01 07 Taking the long view on credit risk management 09 01 07 The risks of cracking down on insurance fraud and 20 09 01 07 Fannie Mae controversy puts debt benchmark in jeopardy 09 Feature 09The treatment of operational risk is one of the more controversia l, 20 and poorly understood, elements of Basle s proposed revisions to the Capita l 20 Accord.. In this exclusive article, Penny Cagan of Zurich Financial Service s 20 explains what the Basle Accord proposals mean for most banks, where there s 20 room for improvement and how to get started on building an operational ris k 20 framework 09 09 iConference Archive 09 09Couldn t make it to our iConference on Risk Transfer, featuring Martin Nance 20 of AIG Structured Products and Barry Finkelstein, Joe Parsons and Chris 20 Crevier of Merrill Lynch?	In this exclusive article, Penny Cagan of Zurich Financial Service s 20 explains what the Basle Accord proposals mean for most banks, where there s 20 room for improvement and how to get started on building an operational ris k 20 framework 09 09 iConference Archive 09 09Couldn t make it to our iConference on Risk Transfer, featuring Martin Nance 20 of AIG Structured Products and Barry Finkelstein, Joe Parsons and Chris 20 Crevier of Merrill Lynch?	Check out the iConference Archive later this wee k 20 to find out what you missed.
anything call me at 510-642-1606 tomorrow or email me by 4:00 pm.	Here is what I have put together so far.. I just answered the questions because I am not sure what he wants.	I just answered the questions because I am not sure what he wants.	If you think we need to change anything call me at PHONE tomorrow or email me by 4:00 pm.
Go ahead and respond, so that way you	Tell you what Chad, you win.. I really am tired of banging my head against a wall talking to an irrational person.. I was not trying to make fun of your school, you chose that route.. I was trying to make a simple point that recruiting at Enron does not make a school elite.. Does NASA recruit at LSU?. Does IBM?. Who cares?. The point once again, we were talking about SPORTS!!!!. See you in Baton Rouge in September.	See you in Baton Rouge in September.	Go ahead and respond, so that way you have the last word .
P.S. Shirley, please add George and John to the list  Grant, Alex, Sevil as			-bcc: X-Folder: Vincent Kaminski Jun2001 3 Notes Folders Sent X-Origin: Kaminski-V X-FileName: vkamins.nsf
Please take a few minutes to fill out the Internet Service	Dear ClickAtHome Pilot Member:. We hope your experience with the Clickathome ordering website and vendors has been exciting and fun for you!. We need your feedback to determine next steps of the program.	We need your feedback to determine next steps of the program.	Please take a few minutes to fill out the Internet Service Survey.
can you fill in what you know.			can you fill in what you know.
these revisions, please print two originals sign, and forward both to my	Clarence,. Attached is the final version of the GISB for your execution.. I have incorporated changes as discussed with your counsel.	I have incorporated changes as discussed with your counsel.	If in agreement, with these revisions, please print two originals sign, and forward both to my attention for final signature.
Can we please send an Amendment letter to Forcenergy Inc. increasing the			Can we please send an Amendment letter to Forcenergy Inc. increasing the collateral threshold in the recently signed Master Swap agreement to 7.5MM?
John/Joe - I am not certain of Michael Jacobson s e-mail address from home- could please forward this message.	Deal number 815970 was a sale to Constellation as follows: 25 MWs 17 Traders name: Tyler HE 23 South Zone Please leave me a message if I can answer any other questions.	Deal number 815970 was a sale to Constellation as follows: 25 MWs 17 Traders name: Tyler HE 23 South Zone Please leave me a message if I can answer any other questions.	John/Joe - I am not certain of Michael Jacobson s e-mail address from home- could please forward this message.
Could  you please email me what we think are the execution version of the			Could you please email me what we think are the execution version of the letter agreement and the substantially complete llc agreement?
Can you give us an example of something that you ve	You guys should enjoy this--especially the last one.. Reed, you never called back you wimpy Pantani butt pirate.. I ve got a big case settling and am more likely going to have a shot at blasting out for a couple days of fishing.. Let me know whether fishing is worth a shit out there.. DF. Keep reading, some of these are really funny!. ?And the last one is great!. ?. Original Message. These are things people actually said in court, word for word, taken down and now published by court reporters who had the torment of staying calm while these exchanges were actually taking place:. Q: What is your date of birth?. A: July fifteenth.. Q: What year?. A: Every year.. Q: What gear were you in at the moment of the impact?. A: Gucci sweats and Reeboks.. Q: This myasthenia gravis, does it affect your memory at all?. A: Yes.. Q: And in what ways does it affect your memory?. A: I forget.. Q: You forget.	Q: You forget.	Can you give us an example of something that you ve forgotten?
please e-mail me or call me	I am interested in the sculpture w/ the less prominent father figure.. Can I get it by Mothers Day?. How do I pay you?	How do I pay you?	please e-mail me or call me at PHONE
Please call me at 713-957-7060 if you	Dear Mr. Shapiro, Attached is your Monthly Holdings Report for the month of April, 2001.. If there are any holdings outside of UBS PaineWebber that you would like me to report on, please send your monthly/quarterly statements to me at: 109 North Post Oak Lane, Suite 150 Houston, TX 77024 And I will include them in this report.	If there are any holdings outside of UBS PaineWebber that you would like me to report on, please send your monthly/quarterly statements to me at: 109 North Post Oak Lane, Suite 150 Houston, TX 77024 And I will include them in this report.	Please call me at PHONE if you have any questions regarding this report.
Can you come up with	Pretty tired is the understatement of the century.. What a way to kick off my New Year s Resolution of staying home on weeknights.. And things promise to only get worse - I think Amber and I are getting a place together.. I m not sure I ll survive another month of this kind of social life.. You know, date with destiny is getting a little old.	You know, date with destiny is getting a little old.	Can you come up with something more original?
Also, can you please describe EWEB s Master Resolution  relevant to long term	Dick:. Sorry that I didn t have a chance to call you again today.. After reviewing the appendix Board resolution summary , I would like to request an opinion from EWEB s bond counsel that swap/other transaction payments are payable from the Operating Fund together and in parity with other operating costs and precede EWEB s debt service payments.	After reviewing the appendix Board resolution summary , I would like to request an opinion from EWEB s bond counsel that swap/other transaction payments are payable from the Operating Fund together and in parity with other operating costs and precede EWEB s debt service payments.	Also, can you please describe EWEB s Master Resolution relevant to long term bonded indebtedness as this is to be referenced in Larry Cable s legal opinion.
Please take a few minutes to complete the attached, very brief survey.	This is a message from Cindy Olson, Executive VP, Human Resource Community Relations.	This is a message from Cindy Olson, Executive VP, Human Resource Community Relations.	Please take a few minutes to complete the attached, very brief survey.
If the latter applies, please send the language to Rose  and cop	Thanks Rose for update re assignment language.. Kay/Sheila - Is the language below the same language presently in the form 20 contract?. If the language is the same, then I gather from Rose that she is 20 OK with it but thinks you may not be happy with it.. If instead the languag e 20 is different, then we should run the form contract language past Rose for 20 comments.	If instead the languag e 20 is different, then we should run the form contract language past Rose for 20 comments.	If the latter applies, please send the language to Rose and cop y 20 me as I am not sure if I have the latest version.
Please E-mail me and Jim Steffes the document to be discussed on the 11:00			Please E-mail me and Jim Steffes the document to be discussed on the 11:00 a.m. conference call tomorrow.
Can you look into it?	TJ:. I still haven t received my Macroeconomic grades from last sememter.. I did get a grade report with the other 3 classes micro, organization behavior, and marketing. I moved in December.. The new address is. 5148 Bridgton Court Dublin, CA 94568	5148 Bridgton Court Dublin, CA 94568	Can you look into it?
Please edit it to your liking and pass it back to me.	Vince,. Attached you will find a draft thought document based on our conversations yesterday.. I think that it captures much of my recollections.	I think that it captures much of my recollections.	Please edit it to your liking and pass it back to me.
Please review the document.	Louise and Geoff,. Please find the attached file for the latest Statement Of Work for the Consolidated Gas System project.. I have only revised the Estimated Costs section to match the final budget for the project next year.. The preliminary work done this year will be charged to some existing projects.. This is the Statement Of Work for the phase 1 physical of the project.. The Statement Of Work of the phase 2 financial will be delivered in a few weeks.	The Statement Of Work of the phase 2 financial will be delivered in a few weeks.	Please review the document.
Please send me your correct room	Maricela,. EB 1962. Vince Kaminski. Thanks. Good morning.. I had an individual attempt to deliver an invitation for you, but he was told your location is incorrect.	I had an individual attempt to deliver an invitation for you, but he was told your location is incorrect.	Please send me your correct room location.
Please, coordinate this  interview.	Shirley,	Shirley,	Please, coordinate this interview.
one or both of the events described above,  send me an email reply and I ll	Mark,. FYI.. What about going to Wharton in October to attend the E-commerce conference?. Vince. Vince hello,. I just wanted to followup up on our meeting at Wharton and let you know that there are two upcoming events that you may want to attend - or designate others from Enron to attend.. Both of these events are good opportunities to test drive the Emerging Technologies program and see if there is an interest in joining our partner group.. SEPTEMBER 8 - WHAT NEXT ON THE INTERNET?. Our next insight-building event will be held at Wharton on Friday, September 8 and is entitled What Next On the Internet?. This is primarily a Wharton faculty event and we will be exploring 3 areas: 1 the New Economics on the Web, 2 Internet, Anywhere, and 3 Implications for academic Research and Education.. Speakers will include Jay Walker Priceline.com , David Farber Chief Technologist at the FCC and Mohan Sawhney Kellog Univ., one of the nation s thought leaders on e-Commerce , along with several senior Wharton faculty members.. There will be considerable discussion on how the next generation of the Internet will evolve and the implications for management and management research.. We are inviting our industry partners to join us at this event, and participate in the discussion, which should contain some valuable insights and also provides an opportunity to help set our research agenda.. You are most welcome to participate, or designate a colleague, if you like.. OCTOBER 19 20 - WINNERS LOSERS IN THE E-COMMERCE SHAKEOUT. This will be a major Impact Conference to explore the coming Internet shakeout, and apply some of the traditional shakeout measures to E-Commerce and try to determine what we can expect.. It should be an intriguing day.. If you plan to attend please RSVP early since we are sure to be overbooked for this event.. This is probably the best showcase for our insight-building activities, if you would like to invite any colleagues help determine if it makes sense for Enron to become a partner in the ET Program.	This is probably the best showcase for our insight-building activities, if you would like to invite any colleagues help determine if it makes sense for Enron to become a partner in the ET Program.	If you d like to RSVP for you and any colleagues who would like to attend one or both of the events described above, send me an email reply and I ll send you a more detailed agenda and speaker description, etc.
website, please E-Mail us with your fax number.	On December 6-7, the Rocky Mountain Mineral Law Foundation is sponsoring a Special Institute on Natural Gas Transportation and Marketing.. The brochure may be downloaded from our website at www.rmmlf.org.. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us.	If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us.	If you have trouble opening or printing the PDF file from the website, please E-Mail us with your fax number.
Can you please confirm you can interview at this time.	Kevin/Peter/Eric. We are holding 32 interviews for the ENA Trading Track this Thursday, November 1st from 2.30 pm onwards.. Your names have been passed to me by Hunter Shively.	Your names have been passed to me by Hunter Shively.	Can you please confirm you can interview at this time.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Graham Peck 1550 North Parkway 915 Memphis, TN 38112 peckg rhodes.edu. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please complete this	Attached please find the latest version of the Official Rules of the EnronOnline Games.. The following steps are necessary to finalize the rules:. 1.. Receipt of final advice from LinkLaters re approved jurisdictions.. Norway and Sweden, and perhaps Italy, are likely to be moved into the approved list and can be added to the eligible jurisdictions in the Eligibility section.. 2.. Currently, if a participant is not eligible to win a prize, he/she is not eligible to win.. However, if you change your minds and decide to open up the game to individuals who cannot win prizes, add the following to the Official Rules, as well as the Front Page and Registration Page disclaimers:. Residents of Belgium, France , Italy , the Netherlands, Sweden .. .. .. may participate in the game but are ineligible to win any prizes due to regulatory restrictions.. Confirm the list of jurisdictions with Linklaters.. 3.. There is a section entitled Scoring System/Point Weightings that has not been completed.. It just says To be Confirmed.	It just says To be Confirmed.	Please complete this section as appropriate.
Please review, make any necessary changes or suggestions, sign and fax to	I am resending the Authorized Trader memo with the following changes:. 1.. I have made it clearer who the Risk Management Responsibility belongs to, and 2.. I have moved Global LNG to the Western Hemisphere - John Lavorato	I have moved Global LNG to the Western Hemisphere - John Lavorato	Please review, make any necessary changes or suggestions, sign and fax to Veronica Valdez at PHONE .
Can you please check into whether or not the below deals for the above meters	Julie,. Is the contract with Cokinos on deal 151669 valid for Feb and Mar 20000?. D. Hi Daren,	Hi Daren,	Can you please check into whether or not the below deals for the above meters can be rolled and extended?
reviewer, please take the time today to provide this feedback in order to	At Enron, performance is formally evaluated twice a year and your feedback 20 plays an important role in the process.. In order for this process to be 20 successful, your participation is critical in meeting Enron 01,s Performanc e 20 Management goals.. Our goal of achieving 360 degree feedback is a key part of 20 the communication process at Enron.. This feedback helps foster teamwork, a s 20 well as enables Enron to reward innovation and hard work.. 20. The deadline for feedback to be submitted for the 2000 Performance Evaluati on 20 Process PEP is FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 17.	The deadline for feedback to be submitted for the 2000 Performance Evaluati on 20 Process PEP is FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 17.	If you have been selected as a 20 reviewer, please take the time today to provide this feedback in order to 20 avoid possible system delays near the deadline.
Please have Mike Bridges review prior to emailing to:	Attached is the proposed form of LOI for Prebon.. Is Prebon Energy the full legal name of the company?. Tana please draft a Broker Client Letter of Interest for Prebon Energy. Terms include. Products and Fee. North American Gas and Power 250,000 UK and Worldwide Gas and Power 200,000. Term One Year	Term One Year	Please have Mike Bridges review prior to emailing to:
Debra,  Can you prepare a spot master Enfolio contract for the attached			Debra, Can you prepare a spot master Enfolio contract for the attached party.
Send me a final list of who will be trading on your desk.			Send me a final list of who will be trading on your desk.
Could one of you please authorize release of code from Research.			Could one of you please authorize release of code from Research.
Please keep me on your list.			Please keep me on your list.
When you re done with the changes and it s clean, please	Jeff, did CA ISO every execute this NDA??. ?. Robin L. Hill, Legal Specialist Enron Broadband Services 1400 Smith, Suite 4545 Houston, Texas 770 PHONE PHONE fax Robin Hill Enron.net. Greetings:. Here s the ISO s original, redlined response to the NDA we originally sent.. It includes my comments in double brackets in caps in paragraphs 4 and 14.. We ve agreed to their changes provided they agree to the changes to their modifications that Gil suggests.. They have agreed.. Please see paragraphs 4 and 14, which deal with nondisclosure and venue for disputes, respectively.	Please see paragraphs 4 and 14, which deal with nondisclosure and venue for disputes, respectively.	When you re done with the changes and it s clean, please forward to me and I ll forward along to the ISO s attorney for ISO signature.
Mark, would you please verify that the payment went out.	Joanie found the email from CALP stating they did receive the wire payment.. Robin called Roman and gave him the info.. thanks Joanie.. Forwarded by Chris Germany/HOU/ECT on 04/17/2000 08:28 AM. This morning, Roman Blake with CALP told Robin Barbe that CALP never received the payment for the wire transfer.. This is the first I ve heard of this.	This is the first I ve heard of this.	Mark, would you please verify that the payment went out.
process, please call the PEP Help Desk at the following numbers:	NOTE: YOU WILL RECEIVE THIS MESSAGE EACH TIME YOU ARE SELECTED AS A REVIEWER.. You have been selected to participate in the Mid-Year 2000 Performance Management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee s that have been identified for you.. Your feedback plays an important role in the performance management process, and your participation is very critical to the success of Enron s Performance Management goals.. Please provide feedback on the employee s listed below by accessing the Performance Management System PEP and completing an online feedback form as described in the Performance Management Quick Reference Guide .. You may begin your feedback input immediately.. Please have all feedback forms completed by the date noted below.	Please have all feedback forms completed by the date noted below.	If you have any questions regarding PEP or your responsibility in the process, please call the PEP Help Desk at the following numbers:
Please send me a note immediately if you disagree.	The following points refer to the methodology that we are taking to rebook the New Albany Plant.	The following points refer to the methodology that we are taking to rebook the New Albany Plant.	Please send me a note immediately if you disagree.
Would you please make sure we get	As a follow up to the 2000 audit plan, please be advised that we have not received to date the matrix reporting packages to enable my group to update the BRM database on all audits since the beginning of the 2000 plan year as well as the Capital Books audit for 1999.	As a follow up to the 2000 audit plan, please be advised that we have not received to date the matrix reporting packages to enable my group to update the BRM database on all audits since the beginning of the 2000 plan year as well as the Capital Books audit for 1999.	Would you please make sure we get the following reports as soon as possible so we can get them in the database.
Kim, please send Victor and myself an amtel message at 11:00am AND at 1:30pm			Kim, please send Victor and myself an amtel message at 11:00am AND at 1:30pm on Feb 1 to attend the meeting below.
Please create a spot ticket for gas that commence flowing on 1/14/00 at 8:30	Oooops!. How about 100 IF/HSC LESS 0.10. vlt. Inc.. Tom,	Tom,	Please create a spot ticket for gas that commence flowing on 1/14/00 at 8:30 am.
please use pallen70 hotmail.com.	Larry,. 10 AM tomorrow is good for me.	10 AM tomorrow is good for me.	If you want to email me anything tonight, please use pallen70 hotmail.com.
Give me a call on this one.	Kevin	Kevin	Give me a call on this one.
Please come to the Enron Lobby and ask for	Hi Judith!. I have a special parking ticket for Malcolm and Gil to use in Dr. Gillis s car.. Then, I ll have a car pick up Gil when he s ready to leave the game--we ll take care of everything thanks for offering --we re really looking forward to the event!. Best regards for a great weekend!. --Christie.. Christie:. Could you please fill me in on the logistics?. Dr. Gillis and Gil Whitaker will be at the APL project presentation at Enron at 4 p.m.. Further, they both plan to attend the dinner at Enron Field.. However, Dr. Gillis must skip the game due to an early morning breakfast the next day.. Will you provide special parking at the dinner/game?. I think Dr. G and Gil will go together, then I will have Dr. Gillis picked up by limo, at approximately 8:00 p.m.. Does this sound feasible?. Judith DuVall. Hi Friends!. The big Rice-ALP final presentation day is almost here: MONDAY, May 7th, 4pm, at Enron, 1400 Smith.	The big Rice-ALP final presentation day is almost here: MONDAY, May 7th, 4pm, at Enron, 1400 Smith.	Please come to the Enron Lobby and ask for me or my assistant, Melinda McCarty.
Please change EGS to ETS.			Please change EGS to ETS.
Mark Palmer -  Please call Zach at 10:30 AM.			Mark Palmer - Please call Zach at 10:30 AM.
Please update the attached spreadsheet for the Month of March.	Mark,	Mark,	Please update the attached spreadsheet for the Month of March.
Please RSVP via e-mail or call me at 5-6442, or Hal Means at 5-5384 if you	From November 14-17, Houston will host Gastech 2000, one of the world s largest international natural gas, LNG, and LPG conferences.. The conference will take place at the George R. Brown Convention Center and is expected to attract 3,000 delegates from around the world.. Enron has played a leading role in this conference for many years, and this year we will participate as a sponsor and prominent exhibitor.. Several Enron executives are speaking or moderating panels at the conference, including David Haug, Bill Gathmann, Doug Arnell and Dr Lay.. On Wednesday, November 15, Ken Lay will serve as a keynote speaker at an Enron Sponsored luncheon at 12:30 P.M. and we would like to invite you to sit at the Enron table.. The dining room is located at the George R. Brown Convention Center, Ballroom Level Three.	The dining room is located at the George R. Brown Convention Center, Ballroom Level Three.	Please RSVP via e-mail or call me at 5-6442, or Hal Means at 5-5384 if you have any questions.
John and Scott: Please attend this call.			John and Scott: Please attend this call.
Sally regarding the audio visual needs, please page me   1-877-497-7713.	Good morning.. I m attaching the agenda for this week.	I m attaching the agenda for this week.	After you speak to Sally regarding the audio visual needs, please page me PHONE .
Please change  Enron Corporation  to  Enron Corp.			Jason, Please change Enron Corporation to Enron Corp. and let it fly.
Please RSVP no later than 12 noon on Monday, December 4, 2000 via email to	I will attend.. SENT FOR MARY COOK:. MARK YOUR CALENDARS for a lunch meeting on Wednesday, December 6, 2000 from 11:30 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. Danny Sullivan of Andrews Kurth will speak on Structured Finance Transactions: General Structure Format and the Function of Swaps.. A follow up e-mail will provide the conference room location.	A follow up e-mail will provide the conference room location.	Please RSVP no later than 12 noon on Monday, December 4, 2000 via email to Chaundra Woods ECT address book so that the appropriate number of food items can be ordered.
Please send the results as soon as possible to all of the above, and	Hello Mark and Brent,. Attached is the steel swap Term Sheet and the natural gas swap term sheet.. We are offering Hylsamex a discounted fixed price natural gas financial swap and in return for this discount, we will be buying fixed price steel financial from Hylsamex.. The discounted natural gas swap is contingent upon our receiving discounted steel from Hylsamex.. Would you put language to these swaps so as to make the gas swap contingent upon the steel swap.	Would you put language to these swaps so as to make the gas swap contingent upon the steel swap.	Please send the results as soon as possible to all of the above, and especially communicate to Jamie Williams in our Monterrey office 0 PHONE , as he will be sending the final term sheet to Hylsamex tomorrow 11/2 .
Please review the REVISED non-standard discount letter for Red Cedar	OK. DF. TRANSWESTERN CONTRACT APPROVAL REQUEST	TRANSWESTERN CONTRACT APPROVAL REQUEST	Please review the REVISED non-standard discount letter for Red Cedar Gathering Company.
Please comment.	My proposed changes.. A starting point for the California section of the Conference Call script.	A starting point for the California section of the Conference Call script.	Please comment.
Please notify Karen and	The attached bullets give real-life examples that people will understand.. I also told Karen Denne to reference the bullets at the beginning of our motion if she needs to know what we re requesting at FERC.	I also told Karen Denne to reference the bullets at the beginning of our motion if she needs to know what we re requesting at FERC.	Please notify Karen and me if you see any problems with the message.
He would like to make some changes please call him ASAP at 713-393-6823	Jon, Chuck Kaufman called on Friday at 2:35, re: synergy contracts to sign between synergy Canada and Enron Canada.	Jon, Chuck Kaufman called on Friday at 2:35, re: synergy contracts to sign between synergy Canada and Enron Canada.	He would like to make some changes please call him ASAP at PHONE
Also, could you please tell me about the group s  that are interested in	Teresa,. I would like to invite Iris for an interview in Houston.. She works currently in London Can you call her and ask when she is planning to visit the States.. We could pay the airfare from a location in the States.. I would hate to pay the 1st class ticket from London to Houston, though I would go for it, if necessary I don t want a candidate to think that we are that cheap .. Business class is a standard for business related, cross-Atlantic flights.. I would be more comfortable if you could negotiate this issue.. Thanks. Vince. Iris,. At this point it s my group: Research, i.e.. Quantitative Modeling.. Please, let me know what your interests are and I shall try to line up other groups for the interview.. Vince. Hi,. I will be out of the country until Wednesday afternoon - London time.. Maybe we can chat then.	Maybe we can chat then.	Also, could you please tell me about the group s that are interested in speaking with me.
Please forward this to anyone who might benefit from a better	Invest in your future!. Join us at one of PGS Energy Training s upcoming seminars in downtown Houston April or in downtown Philadelphia next week .. For more information, call PHONE or visit http://www.pgsenergy.com/schedule.html Available seminars include: 1 Fundamentals of Energy Futures, Options Derivatives 2 Fundamentals of the Electric Power Industry 3 Gas-to-Electricity Arbitrage How to Maximize the Profitability of Electric Generation Assets 4 Developing Effective Risk Management Policies Procedures John Wengler 5 Fundamentals of Statistical Analysis Dr. Ken Skinner 6 How to Value Electric Generation Assets as Real Options 7 Fundamentals of Value-at-Risk Soli Forouzan Save money by bringing a group of 4 or more.. With a group rate, your cost for a 1,295 seminar is reduced to 895 per attendee-- a savings of 1,600 from regular prices.. The group price for the 695 programs is 495.	The group price for the 695 programs is 495.	Please forward this to anyone who might benefit from a better understanding of energy derivatives, risk management, gas-to-electricity arbitrage, statistics or electric power trading.
Who would you recommend starting out of Duce Staley, Stephen Davis, Ron Dayne, Kevan Barlow and Jason Brookins?	http://images.commissioner.com/images/spln fantasy hdr 600.gif Fantasy Football Newsletter October 19, 2001 http://cbs.sportsline.com/images/newsletter/magnify.jpg Fantasy Sports http://fantasy.sportsline.com http://cbs.sportsline.com/images/newsletter/magnify.jpg Fantasy Football http://football0.commissioner.com/mp/pro-home?league zero http://cbs.sportsline.com/images/newsletter/magnify.jpg CBS SportsLine.com http://cbs.sportsline.com Welcome to another edition of the 2001 Fantasy Football Newsletter!. The Fantasy Football newsletter will arrive in your e-mail inbox at the end of every week.. We ll include news about the web site; tips on using all the features available; and answers to your player-related questions from the Gridiron Guru.. http://cbs.sportsline.com/images/newsletter/pixel.jpg Inside. Fantasy Football Matchups. Customize Reports to Display the Info You Want. Gridiron Guru. Tip of the Week. http://cbs.sportsline.com/links/6/1/223/sffpn1019v.cgi http://www.sportsline.com/links/6/1/217/sffpn1019e.cgi http://www.sportsline.com/links/6/1/224/sffpn1019s.cgi. Fantasy Football Matchups. Every Friday our Fantasy experts break down the key Fantasy matchup of the week.. It may be a top running back facing a sturdy run defender; a deep-threat wideout matched up with a premier cover-corner; or a gunslinging QB against a defense with ball-hawking safeties.. We ll tell you who has the edge.. We ll also highlight the key matchups in every NFL game to help you decide who to start and who to bench.. Check our Fantasy News area click News, Fantasy News on the toolbar Fridays for Fantasy Football Matchups.. Customize Reports to Display the Info You Want. Did you know you can customize the settings of most reports on the site, and save those settings so they are displayed each time you visit the report?. For example, suppose you d like the Transactions, View report to display only Add/Drops over the past 7 days for all teams.. Enter those settings, click GO and then click the Save icon displayed over the report.. Now each time you click Transactions, View on the toolbar, the report is displayed according to your custom settings.. After you click Save you can click the E-Rept icon to have your new custom report e-mailed to you on the days you choose.. Gridiron Guru. Welcome to Gridiron Guru, where we ll answer your questions about players and offer Fantasy Football roster advice.. We invite you to send your own scouting reports and comments on players to: gridguru commissioner.com mailto:gridguru commissioner.com .. You ll get the chance to be heard by thousands of Fantasy players just like yourself!. Question - Matt Biggins, Los Angeles, CA. Which two receivers should I start this weekend, out of Todd Pinkston, Bill Schroeder, Chris Carter, Terry Glenn and James McKnight?	Which two receivers should I start this weekend, out of Todd Pinkston, Bill Schroeder, Chris Carter, Terry Glenn and James McKnight?	Who would you recommend starting out of Duce Staley, Stephen Davis, Ron Dayne, Kevan Barlow and Jason Brookins?
Please print all three	Attached you will find the interview packet for the above-referenced person.. The interview will happen Friday, March 9, 2001 .	The interview will happen Friday, March 9, 2001 .	Please print all three documents for your hard copies.
Take a look at the attached and let s talk tomorrow if at all possible.			Take a look at the attached and let s talk tomorrow if at all possible.
Please respond and vote NO.	CNN is taking a poll regarding whether or not International monitors should be sent into Israel.	CNN is taking a poll regarding whether or not International monitors should be sent into Israel.	Please respond and vote NO.
Please forward a draft to Laura Kinner at	Tractebel has requested a Master Netting agmt.	Tractebel has requested a Master Netting agmt.	Please forward a draft to Laura Kinner at
Please accept changes and print two execution copies.			Please accept changes and print two execution copies.
think the Buyer Payment language works  -  can you give me a call so we can	Edmund -. I have reviewed the long descriptions I was given for the credit derivatives I can t tell if they are current and have substantial comments - I have attached what I have come up with sorry it s in 2 pieces .. Basically I don t think we should be restating something in the Long Description that is already covered sometimes with different language in the GTC - this only creates an ambiguity and is not necessary to form a complete contract.	Basically I don t think we should be restating something in the Long Description that is already covered sometimes with different language in the GTC - this only creates an ambiguity and is not necessary to form a complete contract.	My other concern - and I have not been able to draft language to fix it - is that I can t find any definition of the Seller Payment amount and I don t think the Buyer Payment language works - can you give me a call so we can discuss my concerns?
Also, will you please send me the	Imelda,. Please change the subregion code for all ANR ML5 deals from Market to Midcon.. Also, the curve mapping needs to be changed as well.. Intramonth IF-ANR/OK Mid Market IF-ANR/OK Gas Daily GDP-ANR/OK. If you have any questions, please call.	If you have any questions, please call.	Also, will you please send me the latest version of the Central curve mappings.
Can you then arrange a suitable signature  Haedicke?	Richard:. The corporate workbook reflects that the officers of Enron Credit, Inc. all reside in the U.K.. I don t see anyone identified with a power of attorney for executing documents in Houston.. As there may be tax issues associated with U.K. officers signing in the U.K on behalf of a U.S. company, I am asking for verification from Janine.. My suggestion is that Enron Credit Ltd. negotiate and execute the agreement and include the usual affiliates, representatives, etc.. who may need to know any confidential information.. Your V.P.. s are all in London.. If Janelle confirms that it s alright for Brown, Sherriff or Seyfried to sign for Enron Credit, Inc. from London, then we can prepare the document and have a V.P.. sign and fax the agreement to the U.S. party.. At a minimum, though, we should try to work from our form of NDA.. Let me know if you have any questions.. Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas 770 PHONE phone PHONE fax sara.shackleton enron.com. It is not clear to me how we should handle this, what do you sugguest?. As a note, I will be out of the office on Friday.. Tana, I guess we need to change the Enron legal entity from Enron Corp?. In our current model the transacting entity will be Enron North America which is a Delaware corporation?	In our current model the transacting entity will be Enron North America which is a Delaware corporation?	Can you then arrange a suitable signature Haedicke?
Please remind him of that.	Brenda: I mentioned to Tom that I will be on vacation the week of July 10, so I will not attend the July 12th meeting.	Brenda: I mentioned to Tom that I will be on vacation the week of July 10, so I will not attend the July 12th meeting.	Please remind him of that.
Please send a copy of the FV break out contracts to Sheila Tweed  Al works	Hi Pete,	Hi Pete,	Please send a copy of the FV break out contracts to Sheila Tweed Al works for her .
Please give Mike Grigsby access to the basis position reports and the fixed			Please give Mike Grigsby access to the basis position reports and the fixed price position reports for gas.
Can you please back date deal  to 11/09-00			Can you please back date deal to 11/09-00 I spoke with PGET and they recognize this deal as brokered through Prebon also.
Give me a call when you return and we can discuss it.	Chris,. Thanks for the email.. I certainly understand your situation and perspective.	I certainly understand your situation and perspective.	Give me a call when you return and we can discuss it.
Please plan to attend a Gas Weather Financial Option meeting  new product ,			Please plan to attend a Gas Weather Financial Option meeting new product , Wed., Oct. 4, 4:00-5:00 PM, in EB-2988.
Could you please fix this as	Cecillia,. When we choose FIMAT as a broker in Exchange Capture, we can not save a deal because the account number section is blank.	When we choose FIMAT as a broker in Exchange Capture, we can not save a deal because the account number section is blank.	Could you please fix this as soon as possible.
Please check out with	The original schedule was 50 MW s TEP GEN PV EPE XCHANGE - EPMI - SRP-MIRANT-CISO T PVD/SP15.. Mirant was cut by the CISO 25 mw HE 1-6, 8 mw HE 23, and 25 mw HE 24.. Please refer to Mirant tag 3316 for this revised schedule.. Mirant owes us a sink for 25mw HE 1-6, 8mw HE 23, and 25mw HE 24 and has decided to provide the sink on a real-time basis.. Please check with Mirant to assure they have a sink for these hours.	Please check with Mirant to assure they have a sink for these hours.	Please check out with TEP when you are aware of the new sink.
Please could you set up the meetings  apart from the Thursday one which UBS already has arranged.	Tammie	Tammie	Please could you set up the meetings apart from the Thursday one which UBS already has arranged.
Could you please send around the model, too?	Thanks.	Thanks.	Could you please send around the model, too?
Will you please email a list of  little  things  that Santa could bring you	Hi Boys, ?	Hi Boys, ?	Will you please email a list of little things that Santa could bring you for Christmas.?
To receive FREE information on tax help, please fill out the	Have tax problems?. Do you owe the IRS money?. If your debt is 10,000 US or more, we can help!. Our licensed agents can help you with both past and present tax debt.. We have direct contacts with the IRS, so once your application is processed we can help you immediately without further delay.. Also, as our client we can offer you other services and help with other problems.. Our nationally recognized tax attorneys, paralegals, legal assistants and licensed enrolled agents can help you with:. - Tax Preparation - Audits - Seizures - Bank Levies - Asset Protection - Audit Reconsideration - Trust Fund Penalty Defense - Penalty Appeals - Penalty Abatement - Wage Garnishments .. and more!	- Tax Preparation - Audits - Seizures - Bank Levies - Asset Protection - Audit Reconsideration - Trust Fund Penalty Defense - Penalty Appeals - Penalty Abatement - Wage Garnishments .. and more!	To receive FREE information on tax help, please fill out the form below and return it to us.
Please take a look at the draft and let me know if you have comments today.	Here is a draft that incorporates Drew s, Steve Stojic s, Maria s and some of Shelley s comments Shelley hasn t gotten all the way thru the draft yet .	Here is a draft that incorporates Drew s, Steve Stojic s, Maria s and some of Shelley s comments Shelley hasn t gotten all the way thru the draft yet .	Please take a look at the draft and let me know if you have comments today.
please save as document in BPA legis file			please save as document in BPA legis file -- Forwarded Message --
Could you please print these out for me on Monday?			suzanne: Could you please print these out for me on Monday?
Can you please provide me with your feedback/status.	John/John/Frank. As we are approaching the November 1st Trading Track interview dates, we need to finalize the reminder of the external candidate s initial screen.	As we are approaching the November 1st Trading Track interview dates, we need to finalize the reminder of the external candidate s initial screen.	Can you please provide me with your feedback/status.
Also, please have the new transport index positions	Anne,. I would like to check the index positions in the physindex tab in NCD.. Please have all of the positions in the BasisTransport tab, section transport model, added to the phys index position totals.. Please look at the PG E CG positions for May-Oct, I added the transport positions already.. I would like to add a KRS row in the physindex summary to account for the 20000/d transport that we have.	I would like to add a KRS row in the physindex summary to account for the 20000/d transport that we have.	Also, please have the new transport index positions at Socal that we are booking tomorrow included in the new KRS column in the physindex tab.
Please call me after	Jeff,. This is the info that I referenced on my voice-mail.	This is the info that I referenced on my voice-mail.	Please call me after you have had a chance to review it.
Please print and fax the email and the attachment.			Please print and fax the email and the attachment.
Please review the attached draft letter addressing the implementation of the			Please review the attached draft letter addressing the implementation of the Sunflower flow control.
Please supply Portland at their system in the most cost effective manner possible.	We are short at PGE system for Monday, 9/24/01.. HE1-6 , 23-24pdt, we are 100mw short.. This is due to a lending deal done by the NW Cash desk.	This is due to a lending deal done by the NW Cash desk.	Please supply Portland at their system in the most cost effective manner possible.
are acceptable, please print out two originals for execution by ENA and	Here is a revised CA with CINergy.. They also sent a clean version thinking that we might not have any changes other than what we had before.. I am still trying to talk to Jeff about paragraghs 5 and 6.. Thanks Ben. Ben, thanks for getting back so quickly with comments on the Confidentiality Agreement.. Attached is a revised draft of the agreement blacklined from the May 10 draft to show the changes you and I discussed and some slight modification to address the concern I expressed to you.. I am enclosing a clean version of the blacklined agreement.	I am enclosing a clean version of the blacklined agreement.	If the changes are acceptable, please print out two originals for execution by ENA and overnight to me for execution by Cinergy.
Please send me an excel spreadsheet which depicts the value that you see			Please send me an excel spreadsheet which depicts the value that you see associated with the heat rate spread option.
please remind me that I have a dentist s appt. on Thursday, Aug. 3 at			please remind me that I have a dentist s appt.
When filling out the registration form, please write:   EVENING PROGRAM  in the  additional registrants  space on the form.	Dear Evening MBA Students:. The Center for Financial Reporting and Management in the Haas School is hosting it Twelfth Annual Conference on Financial Reporting on Monday, November 5, 2001 at the San Francisco Marriott Hotel, 55 Fourth Street.. As a special offer to Evening MBA Program students, we are offering one seat to each student at the discounted price of 145 per seat.. This can be used by you or by a person in your firm whom you wish to designate.. A copy of the program is attached.. If you or an associate wish to attend, please register on-line at: http://www.haas.berkeley.edu/accounting/cfrm/registration.htm .	If you or an associate wish to attend, please register on-line at: http://www.haas.berkeley.edu/accounting/cfrm/registration.htm .	When filling out the registration form, please write: EVENING PROGRAM in the additional registrants space on the form.
Please remove her from all	Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.	Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.	Please remove her from all your mail lists.
And please call me after you have had a chance to review re	Randy will you please get this to Jerry.. Please review.	Please review.	And please call me after you have had a chance to review re logistics.
Please distribute as	Mary: Enclosed is the form of Enron Guaranty that we would propose using for multi-products.. Again, like the counterparty form that I sent around earlier, this form will need to be modified depending upon the products that need to be covered and the parties involved.	Again, like the counterparty form that I sent around earlier, this form will need to be modified depending upon the products that need to be covered and the parties involved.	Please distribute as appropriate to the credit group.
Please respond to  Wholesale Electric Contract Standardization Group			Patricia Young PYoung eei.org Sent by: bounce-contract-9369 ls.eei.org 03/05/2001 12:59 PM Please respond to Wholesale Electric Contract Standardization Group To: Wholesale Electric Contract Standardization Group contract ls.eei.org cc: Subject: POWER MARKETING TRANSACTIONS WORKSHOP
Please call me with any questions you may have at 713-345-5083.	Anshuman: please go ahead and complete the visa questionnaire and send the required documents so that I can proceed with your working visa for the US.. Regardless of the length of time you will be in the US, you will still need the L1 visa in order to work here.. Many thanks Margaret. Anshuman: I have been asked to contact you regarding your possible move to Houston, Texas.. In order that I may begin the process of getting you an L1 immigration visa, I will need you to complete the attached visa questionnaire and return it to me with copies of the following documents:. a copy of all pages of your passport, even if blank copies of all previous US visas issued an updated resume, showing months and years copies of all Diplomas and transcripts received if you have dependent family members coming to the States with you, copies of their passports. Please send to my attention, via Fedex to:. Enron Corp. 3 Allen Center, 3AC2026A 333 Clay Street Houston, TX 77002	Enron Corp. 3 Allen Center, 3AC2026A 333 Clay Street Houston, TX 77002	Please call me with any questions you may have at PHONE .
Please provide any comments on the attached questions by Monday so that we	John still wants to hold off on a document review, as we don t know if we want to go forward.. Kay. Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 05/11/2001 01:52 PM. All:. Attached for your records is a copy of the final version of the proposal letter that went out to NiMo last week.. Also attached below is a first set of clarification questions I receved from Navigant regarding our proposal.. Responses to these questions are due no later than Weds 5/16 and we will be working to respond to these in an appropriate fashion.. You will see that the questions are rather shallow and do not really provide any sense as to their reaction to our proposal.. I have left msgs with the folks at Navigant so that I may speak with them in an attempt to cut to the chase and discern what NiMO s true intentions are at this point.. I do not want to waste time answering these questions and marking up the proposed contracts if they ultimately will decide to take another course of action.. My hope is to get a mtg with NiMO ASAP and short-circuit the RFP process as soon as possible.	My hope is to get a mtg with NiMO ASAP and short-circuit the RFP process as soon as possible.	Please provide any comments on the attached questions by Monday so that we can decide our form of response by Wednesday.
Just email me back and let me	Kristin, I have it on the calendar for Friday, October 13.. I also left Friday, November 10 on the calendar, too.. I ll check with him about meeting you vs. picking you up and let you know what he says.. Hope your having a good day - see you Saturday night.. SRS. i tihnk that fridays would be the best.. So that friday the 13th would work.. I get out of class at 11:55 so if he wants to pick me up or i will meet hi somewhere...it doesn t really matter to me.	I get out of class at 11:55 so if he wants to pick me up or i will meet hi somewhere...it doesn t really matter to me.	Just email me back and let me know what he wants to do
Can you check on this?	Mark, I ve asked for sworn list of who it went to, who responded, what happened as a result.. I ve been told it has been pulled.	I ve been told it has been pulled.	Can you check on this?
Can you lend whatever assistance you, or Louise can provide, in getting me			Can you lend whatever assistance you, or Louise can provide, in getting me assistance from Mike Neves on adding the Contract Database for EnronOnline.
Also, could you please arrange to put in place an IT agreement on Cypress for	Forwarded by Judy Townsend/HOU/ECT on 12/21/2000 11:14 AM. Could you please send the service agreement into Koch for the Ormet transaction.. This memo that I wrote to Scott details the rates that we have negotiated with Koch.. Koch has to post our deal for five days, so could you please try to send it out today if at all possible.. I am also sending you the draft letter agreement that Koch sent to us which we will also need to execute.. We will also need to put an IT agreement in place with Koch.. They have offered the same discounted rates on an IT basis for any volumes above the 15,000/d of FT.	They have offered the same discounted rates on an IT basis for any volumes above the 15,000/d of FT.	Also, could you please arrange to put in place an IT agreement on Cypress for delivery to Ormet Aluminum s Burnside,LA
please work with Gavin to ensure that EE CC s meshes with ours.	Hi guys,. I suggest a brief meeting to discuss strategy before anything is sent to SW.. Kay. Mitch, no problem here.. Pete/Chris, along with Ross will handle outstanding warranty issues.	Pete/Chris, along with Ross will handle outstanding warranty issues.	Pete,Chris please submit your warranty items to Ross, Ross please work with Gavin to ensure that EE CC s meshes with ours.
Please print attachment and send copies to Richard Sanders, Mark Haedicke and			Please print attachment and send copies to Richard Sanders, Mark Haedicke and Bob Madden.
Please could you attend.	Portland Meeting 11:30am	Portland Meeting 11:30am	Please could you attend.
PLEASE HELP US FIGHT THE TAX RELIEF BATTLE	I can t try this out here at work but maybe you guys are interested..... Ryan F. Ruppert Senior Geologist West Texas Geoscience ExxonMobil Production Co.. 396 West Greens Road 603 P.O.. Box 4697 Houston, Texas 770 PHONE Telephone PHONE Facsimile. JUDMANCONY aol.. What will the Bush tax cut mean to your family?. The Heritage Foundation has analyzed the President s tax relief package and has created a simple mechanism for you to determine quickly how much it would save you in taxes each year.. Try it out for yourself at: http://www.heritage.org/taxcalculator This Heritage Tax Calculator will allow you to simulate some key elements of President George W. Bush s tax plan and how those tax law changes will affect you.. The Calculator shows the savings to taxpayers of the fully phased in proposals by President Bush for marginal rates, the dual earner deduction for married couples, the doubling of the child tax credit to 1,000, and the deductibility of charitable contributions by taxpayers who use the standard deduction.. By entering in your income and a few other bits of information, you can quickly get an idea of how much money the President s tax cut plan will save you.	By entering in your income and a few other bits of information, you can quickly get an idea of how much money the President s tax cut plan will save you.	PLEASE HELP US FIGHT THE TAX RELIEF BATTLE
Please check back for future updates.	Version 2 - with Kal s input as well:. EnronOnline is currently not available.. Enron is working to sell its trading and E-Commerce expertise to a strong, highly rated company by January 10.. Shortly after deal closure, the new company is expected to launch a new, dedicated website for North American Gas and Power.. We will provide more information on this site as it becomes available.	We will provide more information on this site as it becomes available.	Please check back for future updates.
these months so please provide me the correct transportation contract and	I have created deal 266962 for the volumes at mtr 6757.. What price is Duke reporting for the mtr 5192 volumes?. The only activity we ve had out there is payback with Koch.. D. Daren - Have you had a chance to look at this?. - Aimee. Forwarded by Aimee Lannou/HOU/ECT on 05/09/2000 03:26 PM. Daren - Can you set up new deals for meter 6757 and 5192?. Meter 6757 Crow O Connor - Counterparty Duke Energy Trading Month Contract Deal June 99 ENA PHONE 6 July 99 HPL PHONE 2 Aug 99 HPL PHONE 75 Sept 99 HPL PHONE 02. Meter 5192 Sarco Lateral. No deal has ever been set up for meter 5192 for Duke Energy Trading.. There is flow for May, July and Nov. 99.. Will you please let me know if you set up new deals for these meters?. Thanks.. Aimee. Forwarded by Aimee Lannou/HOU/ECT on 05/04/2000 03:17 PM. Aimee:. The Crow O Connor, meter 6757 has its gas allocated to Strangers Gas for April and May 1999 and Duke has been calling Settlements asking for their money.	The Crow O Connor, meter 6757 has its gas allocated to Strangers Gas for April and May 1999 and Duke has been calling Settlements asking for their money.	I will need to set up accounting arrangements for this meter for these months so please provide me the correct transportation contract and valid deal for this transaction.
write me a check for  100.	So this is how it will work.. Whenever the payment is due the 18th .	Whenever the payment is due the 18th .	You write me a check for 100.
Please confirm.	Hi Ben,. Thanks for the note.. Let me suggest that we get together on Friday, 18 Feb at 2:30-3:00 i my office.	Let me suggest that we get together on Friday, 18 Feb at 2:30-3:00 i my office.	Please confirm.
Please send questions to abuse zoomerang.com.	Are you a jogger or walker?. I would like to know your opinions by getting your answers to this survey.. Thank you in advance for your survey participation and feedback.. Go to: http://www.zoomerang.com/survey.zgi?RVVNX3CVLM6SB2X3YSNS8PB0 Please click this link now or go online and retype the address into your Web browser .. If you do not want to take this or other surveys, please click reply and ask the survey creator to remove you from the email list.. Zoomerang is a survey clearinghouse.. We do not censor the questions or messages in the surveys or the invitations to take surveys that third parties may propound, nor do we censor the responses you may provide.. The sender of a survey is solely responsible for the subject matter and contents of the survey invitation and survey in which you participate, and you are solely responsible for the contents of your response.. According to Zoomerang s Terms of Agreement, http://www.zoomerang.com/join/terms-of-agreement.html survey senders promise that they have an ongoing business or personal relationship or they ve obtained consent to send emails to survey recipients.	According to Zoomerang s Terms of Agreement, http://www.zoomerang.com/join/terms-of-agreement.html survey senders promise that they have an ongoing business or personal relationship or they ve obtained consent to send emails to survey recipients.	Please send questions to abuse zoomerang.com.
Marie:  Can you please refresh my memory?			Marie: Can you please refresh my memory?
Please review the attached T E Policy for Enron Net Works.			Please review the attached T E Policy for Enron Net Works.
Can you please add this to the general write-up for each ISO?			Can you please add this to the general write-up for each ISO?
Please have this prepared by 12:00 tomorrow.	All,. Attached is a spreadsheet of Enron s curve names for the West book.. We just need a quick status on the broker quotes you have and the ones still needed/missing.. Please review the curves against the broker data you have including electronic files , and indicate any gaps.. Based on your reply, the Estate will purchase the missing data.	Based on your reply, the Estate will purchase the missing data.	Please have this prepared by 12:00 tomorrow.
Do me a favor and send me a reply and let	Hey Kevin,. I wasn t sure if I gave you the proper e-mail address, or if you had just been to busy to send me that information.	I wasn t sure if I gave you the proper e-mail address, or if you had just been to busy to send me that information.	Do me a favor and send me a reply and let me know what s going on.
Can you guys coordinate to make sure someone listens to this conference call each week.			Can you guys coordinate to make sure someone listens to this conference call each week.
Netscape Navigator, and please type or copy the URL	Set me up on this.. IMMEDIATE ACTION REQUIRED - Do Not Delete Executive Impact Influence Program. Dear John J. Lavorato,. As part of the Executive Impact and Influence Program, each participant is asked to gather input on the participant s own management styles and practices as experienced by their immediate manager, each direct report, and up to eight colleagues/peers.. You have been requested to provide feedback for a participant attending the next program.. Your input i.e., a Self assessment, if you are a participant in this program, Manager assessment, Direct Report assessment, or Colleague/Peer assessment will be combined with the input of others and used by the program participant to develop an action plan to improve his/her management styles and practices.. If you are providing feedback as a Manager of the participant, please note that your feedback will be identified in the summary report.. It is important that you complete this assessment NO LATER THAN CLOSE OF BUSINESS on Wednesday, October 25.. To begin the online administration process, you will need the following Internet address and Password s .. NOTE: If you are providing feedback for more than one person, each password and participant name is individually listed below.	NOTE: If you are providing feedback for more than one person, each password and participant name is individually listed below.	Open your Internet browser e.g., Internet Explorer or Netscape Navigator, and please type or copy the URL address below into your Internet browser please DO NOT go through Lotus Notes :
Please change th	Everything went ok - the following 21 deals have an invalid counterparty, a nd 20 so errored out during the move from NG-PRICE to NG-PR-OPT.	Everything went ok - the following 21 deals have an invalid counterparty, a nd 20 so errored out during the move from NG-PRICE to NG-PR-OPT.	Please change th e 20 counterparty code to a valid one: 01; EH4013.1 N06657.1 NA8234.1 NB0716.1 NF6752.1 NF6752.2 NI9844.1 NI9849.1 NK1130.1 NM0745.1 NM0751.1 NM0760.1 Q16262.1 Q16404.1 Q40242.1 Q49752.1 Q51902.1 Q51910.1 Q56703.1 QQ8923.1 QQ8924.1 01; Thanks, Jeremy
Please ask Kay and/or Scott Dieball for direction.	Anything special for this week s call.. Please let me know so I can send out a confirmation email.. Thanks.. YES.	YES.	Please ask Kay and/or Scott Dieball for direction.
If you are not the scheduler for this pipe please forward this to the appropriate scheduler.	Please be advised that we have discrepancies with the State and County information for the meter No.. s listed on the attached spreadsheet.. Will you please review this spreadsheet and provide the State and County information that you may have for the listed meters.	Will you please review this spreadsheet and provide the State and County information that you may have for the listed meters.	If you are not the scheduler for this pipe please forward this to the appropriate scheduler.
When you get this can you call me....	Am trying to get copies of the executed NDA s for the counterparties listed below.	Am trying to get copies of the executed NDA s for the counterparties listed below.	When you get this can you call me....
Morgan Gottsponer s Group - Please send Morgan your weekly report updates before end of day tomorrow, Tuesday, November 20, 2001.	Weekly Reports for This week only!. Gary Maestas Group - Please send Gary your weekly report updates before end of day tomorrow, Tuesday, November 20, 2001.	Gary Maestas Group - Please send Gary your weekly report updates before end of day tomorrow, Tuesday, November 20, 2001.	Morgan Gottsponer s Group - Please send Morgan your weekly report updates before end of day tomorrow, Tuesday, November 20, 2001.
please put on my calendar.	Cathy, Starting next week I want to join in.	Cathy, Starting next week I want to join in.	please put on my calendar.
Get back to me when you get a	Em,. So, of course, I spent this whole past weekend trying to figure out how I want to handle this situation .. Basically I ve decided the following: 1.. I will agree to meet him for a beer and a chat I m going to suggest Molina s - I think it s a good location, public enough private enough 2.. I will be calling and leaving a message with him to let him know I will meet with him, NO email... and will request that he do me the same courtesy.. 3.. I will let him do the talking I mean he s the one that wants to have a chat so he must have something to say ...at least to begin with 4.. I will NOT be a push-over. Well, what do you think?. Any suggestions/recommendations?. I am very new to this whole relationship discussion thing.. More importantly, do you think there is ANYTHING he could say/do that would or should allow him a second chance?. Right now I don t know if there is, but unlike you and you know this about me I do believe in second chances.. That does not mean that a second chance is a given in this situation.	That does not mean that a second chance is a given in this situation.	Get back to me when you get a chance.
CP, Please call and set up a meeting time for 1 hour in Houston with Cindy			CP, Please call and set up a meeting time for 1 hour in Houston with Cindy Olson.
Please enter the password below when prompted at the	Hello!. We d like to invite you to our latest Harris Poll Online survey.. It covers a variety of topics and should only take about 5 minutes to complete.. Come share your thoughts and experiences with us!. The survey will be open until 10:00 a.m. EST on Wednesday, December 19th, so we d love to hear from you soon!. When you complete this survey, we will offer you the chance to participate in our HIstakes drawing.. We ll be giving away one 6,000 ?4,115 prize.. HIstakes is open to U.S., Canadian, excluding Quebec, and U.K. residents only.. You will also get 100 HIpoints for completing this survey.. To participate in this survey, please proceed to: http://survey.harrispollonline.com/q121701.htm?id PHONE	To participate in this survey, please proceed to: http://survey.harrispollonline.com/q121701.htm?id PHONE	Please enter the password below when prompted at the beginning of the survey.
Can you take a look at this.	Michelle;	Michelle;	Can you take a look at this.
please rally the troops   forward this email to everyone	Lets try this one more time!!. !	!	Rex Solomon Tim Hannum cordially invite you to help fight the politics of racial division and attack ads by attending a fundraising to benefit the campaign of ORLANDO SANCHEZ FOR MAYOR come and meet orlando and mingle with friends November 27, 2001, 5:30-7:00 p.m. At the Gatsy 2540 University Blvd - 2nd Floor please fill out attached form and bring your contribution with you in the form of a personal check please rally the troops forward this email to everyone on your list!
Would you e-mail me a copy of the TCA?			Would you e-mail me a copy of the TCA?
Please ensure that non disclosure wording is included in this contract.	Twanda, please prepare a consulting agreement.. Thanks.. Michelle. Michelle Cash Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3823 Houston, Texas 770 PHONE michelle.cash enron.com. This message may contain confidential information that is protected by the attorney-client and/or work product privileges.. Michelle as discussed please prepare a consulting agreement for a contract with Kema consulting.. I have attached one of their sample contracts for your review.. Effective July 3rd for 6 months.. Company Name - Kema ECC, Inc. Location- Fairfax Virginia PHONE Fee structure that we have agreed to is on a task release basis and is not to exceed 50,000 all costs .. The fee schedule is missing and I will forward it to you as soon as I receive it.	The fee schedule is missing and I will forward it to you as soon as I receive it.	Please ensure that non disclosure wording is included in this contract.
Please review and abide by the following travel policy and best practices.			Please review and abide by the following travel policy and best practices.
Please note this on your calendar for next year.			Please note this on your calendar for next year.
PLEASE REVIEW THE NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER BELOW	3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D As requested, your News Alert for TXN follows from EquityAlert.com.. To edit/discontinue your alerts please refer to end of message.	To edit/discontinue your alerts please refer to end of message.	PLEASE REVIEW THE NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER BELOW 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D
try to track him/her down and forward the invoice.	The use of cell phones and pagers has increased dramatically in the past fe w 20 years.. As a result the Accounts Payable department has seen a rapid increa se 20 in the number of invoices and vendors.. With the higher volume, we have 20 reviewed our processes in order to continue our rapid payment cycle.. Although we encourage vendors to address their invoices to individual 20 employees, they often mail invoices directly to Accounts Payable.. At times 20 they fail to list the individual who uses the pager or cell phone.. In thes e 20 cases we return the invoice to the vendor.	In thes e 20 cases we return the invoice to the vendor.	If the employee is designated, we 20 try to track him/her down and forward the invoice.
Toni:  please make the offer to Josh Chapa asap.			Toni: please make the offer to Josh Chapa asap.
Kathleen, could you please get with Rusty or Fred to see what s up.	Is the October 13, rev 3 the final version?. Kay. The tract is a 29.46 acre parcel that is just west of the site for our plant.. We need to secure it to prevent other houses from being built on our perimeter sound receptors .. We have just worked hard to buy the other two houses adjacent to the property to fix this problem.. Its a nice situation since the tract is long and narrow, so we get maximum sound receptor protection for minimal acreage purchases.. I had sent a memo to Karen Way a while back asking them to work on this and you cautioned me to make sure I ran kick off of outside counsel on a project past you first if that jogs your memory .. Anyway, this is a finishing touch on Pontiac, and I have promised the landowner a document a while back, so I would appreciate our turning it to him in the near future.. I have been preoccupied on some stuff in Florida, but feel badly that we haven t gotten this out to this guy sooner.. I will make the apology phone call blame the big company lawyers - of course and let him know its on its way and not to give up on us.. Kathleen and I have already discussed this today.. How s everything going by the way ?. Long time no see.. Rusty,. You are going to have to refresh my recollection as to this piece of land.	You are going to have to refresh my recollection as to this piece of land.	Kathleen, could you please get with Rusty or Fred to see what s up.
Pls coordinate and let me know.	Mark, attached is a file regarding what the payment structures could look like.. The plug is the total PV s that we will put towards the equation... other than that it is simply a demand charge calculation.	The plug is the total PV s that we will put towards the equation... other than that it is simply a demand charge calculation.	Pls coordinate and let me know.
Take a look at the Reports Marketplace here:	In this Update, we d like to announce the launch of our new Reports Marketplace through which we will be offering a selection of reports from leading research and analysis companies.. We hope to expand the range of subjects and publishers covered over the coming weeks, but we will also maintain the selective topical nature of Eyeforenergy that you are used to.. We currently have a number of ABI reports regarding the application of Fuel Cells and competition and strategies within this burgeoning industry.	We currently have a number of ABI reports regarding the application of Fuel Cells and competition and strategies within this burgeoning industry.	Take a look at the Reports Marketplace here: http://www.eyeforenergy.com/reports.shtml
Please provide the name, phone number, and	Attention IT and Scheduling Personnel Your participation is requested in the Inter-SC Trade Adjustment Bid Market Simulation.. As previously announced, the ISO has scheduled for the first week of October 1, 2000 the implementation of Inter-SC Trade Adjustment Bids.. Prior to this implementation, a Market Simulation is being scheduled for all Market Participants in order to provide for simulation on the use of this new functionality.. Inter- SC Trade Adjustment Bid Market Simulation is scheduled to begin on Tuesday, September 4, 2000.. The ISO will hold a kickoff meeting conference call on Thursday, August 31 from 2:00 - 3:00 p.m., to elicit participation and review the scope of this Market Simulation.. During this conference call, we will also request participants help in finalizing details of the Market Simulation Plan which will be distributed to Market Simulation Participants by Friday.. All Market Participants are strongly urged to participate in this simulation.. Please respond to Jill Powers at jpowers caiso.com by 3:00 p.m. on Friday if you intend to participate.	Please respond to Jill Powers at jpowers caiso.com by 3:00 p.m. on Friday if you intend to participate.	Please provide the name, phone number, and e-mail address of your contact personnel.
can you pls check on these:			can you pls check on these:
Mary - Could you please check on your side has anyone file the initial business registration booklet in the past.	Peggy - I have not file any Oklahoma initial business registration booklet before.. I think it s should be handle by Income groups.. I only filed the initial Annual Report form, which asked for name of the Officers and Directors.	I only filed the initial Annual Report form, which asked for name of the Officers and Directors.	Mary - Could you please check on your side has anyone file the initial business registration booklet in the past.
could you give me the number, volume and revenue by month?	Michelle, I m doing a speech for Dave Neubauer for a pipeline conference.	Michelle, I m doing a speech for Dave Neubauer for a pipeline conference.	do you have record of TW using EOL for any transactions this winter?-- if so, could you give me the number, volume and revenue by month?
can you update Mark on what happened with Susan Bailey this afternoon with	Tana: Could you please have the clerks hand deliver this to Dave Forester?	Tana: Could you please have the clerks hand deliver this to Dave Forester?	Alos, can you update Mark on what happened with Susan Bailey this afternoon with respect to the last interview and how much time if any she spent in that interview?
Please respond to  cneal bluegate.com			Conrad Neal cneal bluegate.com on 02/27/2001 02:27:17 PM Please respond to cneal bluegate.com To: Neal, William billnealmd hotmail.com , Neal, Chris chrisn thisco.com , Neal, Eric ericn thisco.com , Neal, Scott sneal enron.com , Neal, Todd todd.neal chron.com , Neal, John muddywaters hubserv.com cc: Subject: Willis Tree Farm Report-4Q 2000
Please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m., Friday,	STEVE KEAN. Conf call: AT T lines have been reserved.. Please contact Sherri Sera 713/ PHONE or Bill Dorsey 713/ PHONE for the weekly dial-in number and passcode.. Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and through what medium.. Yes, I will attend in person X. By video conference from. By conference call. No, I will not attend	No, I will not attend	Please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m., Friday, April 20th
Please review and let s discuss.			Please review and let s discuss.
Please direct any	Tani,. No problem.. We shall look at the curve on Monday.. I have organized a small team to examine the curve from different perspectives.. Curve validation is normally a RAC prerogative and I shall get them involved on Monday. Vince. Following Steve s note to you earlier today, I wanted to mention that we have a fairly urgent need for review of the copper curve in particular, as there is a deal due for final pricing in the next few days.. I am not sure what data you have received from Enron Metals in London, so I am asking Tim Poullain-Patterson to ensure that you have the curves and the economic justification proposed as soon as possible.	I am not sure what data you have received from Enron Metals in London, so I am asking Tim Poullain-Patterson to ensure that you have the curves and the economic justification proposed as soon as possible.	Please direct any questions to him or to Harry Tefoglou.
Please send me the August invoice for CES.			Please send me the August invoice for CES.
Please review and let me know your comments so I can send this out tomorrow.	Gentlemen,	Gentlemen,	Please review and let me know your comments so I can send this out tomorrow.
Please change these.			Please change these.
Ken, I need your help on two fronts:	Dear Ken: The purpose of this note is to seek your help in becoming a citizen of the US.. I ve been a Houston-based employee of Enron for nearly 10 years, of which seven were with the Dabhol project.. I obtained my green card in 1992, which entitled me to apply for US citizenship in 1997.. I recently went through the final interview and was awaiting a call to take oath.. Instead, the INS denied my application for citizenship on grounds of my extensive travel.. This, despite the fact that:. 1 .. A disqualification can be made only if an applicant is. - out of the country for a continuous period of six months; or - is out of the country for more than 30 months in the sixty month period after the green card.. Neither of these apply to me .. 2 .. I had filed a notification to the INS immediately after getting my green card in 1992 informing them that I will be travelling extensively on business.. Filing this notification allows me to travel without the restrictions mentioned above.	Filing this notification allows me to travel without the restrictions mentioned above.	Ken, I need your help on two fronts:
Can you please help Jane in putting credit language into the confirmation of	Sara, I will send you the rest of the documentation still in draft and being negotiated so you know the context.. Thanks so much.. Jane. Sara -	Sara -	Can you please help Jane in putting credit language into the confirmation of a Japanese deal?
Please respond to  nmann erac.com	I m working.. Not a choice, a necessity.. Good night to grill.... ckm	ckm	Neil Mann nmann erac.com on 05/23/2001 03:40:14 PM Please respond to nmann erac.com To: Kay.Mann enron.com cc:
Could you please fax to me the letter you sent out so that I can update our			Wendi: Could you please fax to me the letter you sent out so that I can update our files?
Please respond to khairuddin mjaafar petronas.com.my	Khairuddin,. Yes, it s correct.. We have experienced problems replying to a number of messages sent by your organization not just your E-mail address .. I shall send you the list of people who will attend the meeting at a later day.. We shall have representatives from the crude and LNG trading desks, research and risk control.. Could you, please, resend me the list of your delegates.. Vince. I have invited a number	I have invited a number	KhairuddinBMJaafar petronas.com.my on 01/19/2001 02:53:53 AM Please respond to khairuddin mjaafar petronas.com.my To: vkamins ect.enron.com cc: Subject: Re: Petronas benchmarking visit
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Drexel Agner 100 San Juan Drive Port Townsend, WA 98368 drex cablespeed.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
please confirm.	Lisa,. I am comfortable that the order setting the administrative claim bar date applies only to claims arising from the post-petition sale of power through the CAISO.. My understanding, based on an email from John, is that power sales under bilateral contracts, such as the EPMI power contract, do not go through the ISO.. Assuming that is correct and if John or Elizabeth disagree, please let me know immediately , I am comfortable that there is no need to file an administrative claim for power sales under the EPMI contract for the period April 6 to April 9.. Similarly, the post-petition negative CTC claim does not arise from the sale of power through the ISO.. Thus, there is no need to file an administrative claim for it at this time.. Ben. Bennett G. Young One Embarcadero Center, Suite 400 San Francisco, California 941 PHONE byoung llgm.com. Mellencamp, Lisa Lisa.Mellencamp ENRON.com 09/19/01 02:04PM. i believe you are comfortable that we do not need to file an administrative negative ctc adm. claim.	i believe you are comfortable that we do not need to file an administrative negative ctc adm. claim.	please confirm.
The first one will be Friday May 11th at 2:30 p.m.  Please add this to your			Please put on my schedule.
Could you forward this	Jennifer: I got a call from Chris Bailey sp?. needing a summary of California dereg for a presentation s that Harold s assembling.. Attached is summary that Mona pulled together for Harold a couple of months ago.. I don t have Chris email address I ve left him a message .	I don t have Chris email address I ve left him a message .	Could you forward this along to him?
Please look in ECTSTCali to check theshort amounts in PGE2 and PGE	Short Term Cali is short NP and long SP for HE 1-7, 23 and 24 tomorrow 03/07 .	Short Term Cali is short NP and long SP for HE 1-7, 23 and 24 tomorrow 03/07 .	Please look in ECTSTCali to check theshort amounts in PGE2 and PGE 3, length is in SCE1 and SDGE1 under ECTSTCali and EES 2.
Please change the first paragraph as follows:			Kathleen, Please change the first paragraph as follows: ENA is prepared to furnish you with certain risk analysis information which 20 is either confidential, proprietary or generally not available to the publi c 20 Confidential Information in connection with ENA 01,s disclosure to PERC 20 and/or enovate for its performing independent risk analysis relating to of 20 the portfolio of enovate, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company.
Please R.S.V.P. by 5 p.m. Monday.			Mark Taylor Carol St. Clair Mary Cook Brent Hendry Sara Shackleton Frank Sayre Francisco Pinto Leite Cheryl Nelson Bob Bruce Susan Bailey Samantha Boyd Stephanie Panus Tana Jones Marie Heard
Can you help me with this?	Christian Yoder suggested I contact you concerning required disclosure statements on an Enron web site.. The Portland office is establishing a customer web site.. The site will provide pricing history, commentary, studies etc.. We need to determine what type of disclosure statement we need to include in this site.	We need to determine what type of disclosure statement we need to include in this site.	Can you help me with this?
Can you help us by interviewing him in Sydney?	Raymond,. Yes, Simon Hurst.. Vince. Dear Vince,. It was our privilege to have you here.. Paul s wife had a baby yesterday, and Paul will be back on Thursday.. So maybe item 3 can wait until Paul s return.. As for 2 , yes - i will need a PS reader :o Again, let us check Paul s diary on his return before fixing a time for Quentin Kerr. 1 1.. The resume you sent to me and Grant looks quite good.. I think it makes sense to interview this person and we can help you with a phone interview.. Is this Simon ??. ?. Thanks Raymond. Paul Raymond,. It took more than a few days to catch up after I came back from Australia.. There are few things I would like to bring up to your attention.. First of all, I would like to thank you for your hospitality.. I learned a lot about the Australian markets and was greatly impressed with the quality of the people at the Sydney office.. 1.. The resume you sent to me and Grant looks quite good.. I think it makes sense to interview this person and we can help you with a phone interview.. 2.. I have received another resume that looks very promising.. I am very interested in this guy and would be ready to bring him over to the States where we lack desperately technical talent.	I am very interested in this guy and would be ready to bring him over to the States where we lack desperately technical talent.	Can you help us by interviewing him in Sydney?
Please put together our general Confidentiality Agreement and ISDA Agreement	Sara: I did a conflicts search and did not find anything pertaining to American Fiber Resources or AFR, Kay. Kay C. Young Legal Specialist PHONE Phone PHONE Fax kay.young enron.com. Hi Susan,	Hi Susan,	Please put together our general Confidentiality Agreement and ISDA Agreement and send to the following:
Can you please check with CLECA and CEMA to see what they are doing.	Mona,. Your business instincts are correct.. SDG E s proposed treatment is inequitable.. Overcollections recovered from all customer classes should not be used to fund the rate cap that benefit only some customer classes.. I do not think this is necessarily a DA versus SO issue, but rather mor of a large versus small customer issue however, to the extent that only large SO customers can opt in and benefit there is a disparity between large DA and SO .	I do not think this is necessarily a DA versus SO issue, but rather mor of a large versus small customer issue however, to the extent that only large SO customers can opt in and benefit there is a disparity between large DA and SO .	Can you please check with CLECA and CEMA to see what they are doing.
Kay please forward to Max Yzaguirre.			Kay please forward to Max Yzaguirre.
Please do not hesitate to call me should you	Mark: FYI.. This is a cost estimate from Panamanian counsel which our pulp and paper group has requested that we look into.. Are you okay with them proceeding further?. Carol St. Clair EB 38 PHONE Phone PHONE Fax carol.st.clair enron.com. Dear Gustavo,. I have reviewed the Memorandum and Questions that Carol St. Clair sent me regarding a possible ISDA transaction with a counterparty in Panama.. We would be glad to assist you in connection with this matter.. Some of the questions you presented to us have a clear answer under Panama law.. Others, such as issues of taxation and bankruptcy, are more difficult as no legislation exists on these topics in the context of derivative transactions.. We estimate that researching some new issues presented by you and preparing a Memorandum of Law, as well as reviewing and revising the ISDA documentation exhibits and delivering opinions will take approximately a week, although we will try to get our reply back to you as soon as possible.. We also estimate that our fees would be approximately 3,000 to 5,000, depending on the amount of work actually required to consummate this transaction.	We also estimate that our fees would be approximately 3,000 to 5,000, depending on the amount of work actually required to consummate this transaction.	Please do not hesitate to call me should you have any questions.
Please give me a call when you are done.	Here is the presentation we need colore copied and bound in a spiral ring 20 times ASAP.. Company is 413 and Company is 1231.. My number is 3-7998.	My number is 3-7998.	Please give me a call when you are done.
Please print for me on legal size paper.			Please print for me on legal size paper.
Please print the attachments.			Please print the attachments.
please order another one for	I ll try to find one.. D. ok, here is the story...I cannot seem to find the voice thing for your auburn tiger.. ?I tried to find a web site to order the guy another one and can t find that either.	?I tried to find a web site to order the guy another one and can t find that either.	?Name is silly slammers.. please order another one for him; I will repay you..Probably as soon as the new one comes in I will fnd the old one.
When selling energy to LADWP please make sure that the counterparty in	Group,	Group,	When selling energy to LADWP please make sure that the counterparty in enpower is shown as Los Angeles Dept of water and Power and NOT LADWPPX.
check this out and let everyone know what s up.			check this out and let everyone know what s up.
Please include your preferred pick-up time and	The holiday party is this Saturday!. Please take a minute to review these last-minute details, guaranteed to make our holiday party an exercise in efficient merriness...... 1.. Remember to RSVP.. If you have not done so, please see Kathy Axford or Anna Mehrer TODAY.. 2.. Parking will be provided free of charge.. Upon your arrival, tell the bellhop you are an Enron guest.. Should you choose to park in the structure across Pine Street from the hotel, take the ticket to the front desk for validation.. 3.. Responsible drinking is encouraged.. Complimentary towncar services will be provided by our friend Elaina at IMAX Trans.. Please contact her before Friday to make arrangements.. She can be reached at PHONE , or via e-mail at imaxtrans hotmail.com.	She can be reached at PHONE , or via e-mail at imaxtrans hotmail.com.	Please include your preferred pick-up time and address in the e-mail, and Elaina will schedule accordingly.
Please add Eric Moon to the list of users for the Canadian Logic On/Off	Jeremy,	Jeremy,	Please add Eric Moon to the list of users for the Canadian Logic On/Off script.
intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us	I have reworked the outline to include new material and to update some of the information.. I would appreciate your comments.. I have added additional hypotheticals to the list.. In my experience, this program works with 6 hypotheticals soyou need to choose the 6 you think work best.. Please let me know, and I will prepare the packages. This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential.	This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential.	If you are not the intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us immediately.
Check with Vince and see if it s okay to get			Shirley , Check with Vince and see if it s okay to get a Get Well card for Cindy , Sam s wife.
Please, give me a call	Rahul,. I shall be glad to meet with you.	I shall be glad to meet with you.	Please, give me a call when you get here.
Please review the last change made to the Annex.			Please review the last change made to the Annex.
Please take a look at the attached agenda and let me know who should be involved in each discussion and when you think those meetings should be scheduled.	Andy and Jay,. As I mentioned to you last week, Kiodex is bringing a team to Houston this week to discuss a variety of commercial and technical issues.. They are available all day Thursday 2/1 and Friday 2/2 .. Kiodex is hoping to make significant progress and come to an understanding regarding timing and next steps.	Kiodex is hoping to make significant progress and come to an understanding regarding timing and next steps.	Please take a look at the attached agenda and let me know who should be involved in each discussion and when you think those meetings should be scheduled.
Pls send back any changes your legal has to	Been a while since we have done one of these, but here s a new one.. This will need to be bilateral because they are going to divulge information about how they structure their business of supplying sports games over the internet.. Please let me know if this is acceptable with a reasonable amount of change or if we should send them our draft.. thanks Dave. Forwarded by Dave Samuels/HOU/ECT on 08/01/2000 03:30 PM. Dave - here s the NDA draft.	Dave - here s the NDA draft.	Pls send back any changes your legal has to make.
IMAGE    Take a look into the future with Rigzone s Permit Service.	09 09 09 IMAGE 09 09 09 09 09 09 09 09 09 09 IMAGE 09 09 09 09 09 IMAGE 09 09 IMAGE 09 09 RIGZONE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE 09 IMAGE 09 09 IMAGE 09 09 home news search maps data jobs market store 09 IMAGE 09 09 09 09 09 IMAGE 09 09 IMAGE 09 09 Get 1 Month Free!. Purchase a 12-month subscription to an y of Rigzone s data subscription products mentioned in this newsletter betw een now and January 31, and we ll extend your subscription by one additiona l month free of charge!. Want to learn more?. Check out our products below.	Check out our products below.	IMAGE Take a look into the future with Rigzone s Permit Service.
Please, ask them if they can accept our invitation	Sandeep,	Sandeep,	Please, ask them if they can accept our invitation to lunch following the meeting?
Please respond to  Chris Strickland   chris lacimagroup.com			Chris Strickland chris lacimagroup.com on 03/13/2001 12:48:39 AM Please respond to Chris Strickland chris lacimagroup.com To: VinceJKaminski Vince.J.Kaminski enron.com , Vince home VKaminski aol.com cc: Subject: EPRM article
Please forward this e-mail to James Heckler.			Please forward this e-mail to James Heckler.
Please provide approval as soon as possible.	Attached is a mailing designed for EnronOnline Euro2000 Minute Mania game.. It will be mailed to current EnronOnline customers in the U.K., Germany, Switzerland, Austria and Poland.. The disclaimer on the postcard will be revised to read as follows, unless there is a legal revision: Due to the operation of the law in certain countries, this game is only available to residents of United Kingdom, Germany, Switzerland, Austria and Poland	The disclaimer on the postcard will be revised to read as follows, unless there is a legal revision: Due to the operation of the law in certain countries, this game is only available to residents of United Kingdom, Germany, Switzerland, Austria and Poland	Please provide approval as soon as possible.
Please look over his email.	Jacques,. George finally sent me some information.	George finally sent me some information.	Please look over his email.
as we discussed last week on Wednesday meeting can you, please,			Jaesoo, as we discussed last week on Wednesday meeting can you, please, implement clustering for power curves by geographical region.
Please provide Kara with contract numbers in the morning.	I will enter this deal in the system and let you guys know what the deal number is.. Forwarded by Chris Germany/HOU/ECT on 07/06/2000 07:37 AM. Chris and all--Below is our volume request for July 7-31 for C I customers behind COH.. Its a similar situation to the one we had in June with C I customers taken over from us by Metromedia Energy.. We need to do a separate deal to cover these volumes like we did in June.	We need to do a separate deal to cover these volumes like we did in June.	Please provide Kara with contract numbers in the morning.
Toni:  give me a call so we can discuss Josh.			Toni: give me a call so we can discuss Josh.
Please say hello to Pat, Joanne and Juan Carlos for me.	Steve,. Hey, what s up my friend?. I hear that business is well in Puerto Rico although that was quite awhile ago so who knows .. I m assuming that you are, indeed, still there.. I can t believe that I ve just finished my fifth month with Enron.. It s been great, though.. Everything is new so I m learning a ton.. Working on a trading floor is quite a different environment than Pirnie.. My desk is so small it reminds of Puerto Rico, although there are no bomb threats, the bell does not sound at lunch, and the number of holidays does not exceed the number of work days in the year.. I ve recently been accepted into a subprogram of the program I m in to become a trader, so my next year is pretty much planned and eventually I ll start trading.. Anyway.... I was just thinking the other day that I miss my trips to the island especially my accomodations at the Excelsior , and I can t help feeling a little shorted that I didn t get a follow-up event of the Reggae tour or diving trip.. So I was wondering if maybe I should come down some weekend and make it right., you know put all of the planets back in alignment.. So I was wondering if you might be able to put me up for a weekend and maybe do some diving or something.. If not, then no big deal, there s about zillion places I d like to visit in the next few months.. Just drop me a note sometime and let me know what you think.	Just drop me a note sometime and let me know what you think.	Please say hello to Pat, Joanne and Juan Carlos for me.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Maura Hanenbaum 12241 Tildenwood Drive Rockville, MD 20852 hbaum73 hotmail.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Maureen -- please put on my letterhead.	See attached.. Christie -- please check for accuracy on some of the career milestones.	Christie -- please check for accuracy on some of the career milestones.	Maureen -- please put on my letterhead.
Hey guy, please copy Scott Goodell and Molly on anything you send me in the			Hey guy, please copy Scott Goodell and Molly on anything you send me in the future.
Let s meet at Cafe Express on the West Loop   Post Oak at 6:30.			Let s meet at Cafe Express on the West Loop Post Oak at 6:30.
you, I will ask my assistant to interrupt me when you call back.	I tried to call you back today, but was told that you had left the office.. Tried to leave you a voice mail message, but no one in the office knew how to transfer my call into voice mail.. They were good about answering your phone, however!. I will call you tomorrow morning before my first meeting at 8:30.	I will call you tomorrow morning before my first meeting at 8:30.	If I miss you, I will ask my assistant to interrupt me when you call back.
please give me a call.	Lindholm Oil , Inc. 6575 500 MMbtu/d 100 Gas Daily less .15. I will create a committed reserves ticket for the remaining term of the deal once our geologists have gathered enough data to forecast the reserves of this well, at such time, we will request that this ticket be zeroed out.. Please supply the sitara number once entered.	Please supply the sitara number once entered.	If you have any questions, please give me a call.
Also, could you	Chris and all--Below is our volume request for July 7-31 for C I customers behind COH.. Its a similar situation to the one we had in June with C I customers taken over from us by Metromedia Energy.. We need to do a separate deal to cover these volumes like we did in June.. Please provide Kara with contract numbers in the morning.	Please provide Kara with contract numbers in the morning.	Also, could you please provide the pricing on this deal?
If you would prefer not to receive future messages from Email OffersOnDemand, please scroll to the bottom of this message and follow the instructions.	IMAGE IMAGE You are receiving this email because you registered to receive special offers from an Email OffersOnDemand marketing partner.	IMAGE IMAGE You are receiving this email because you registered to receive special offers from an Email OffersOnDemand marketing partner.	If you would prefer not to receive future messages from Email OffersOnDemand, please scroll to the bottom of this message and follow the instructions.
Please change as required, initial and circulate for signatures.	Sara, Thanks for your suggested changes.. I left the commercial support requirement on the account because I think it is a good control.. However, if you do want to remove this requirement because of shrinking staffs, I am okay with that.	However, if you do want to remove this requirement because of shrinking staffs, I am okay with that.	Please change as required, initial and circulate for signatures.
Please include the following:			Please include the following:
Please come back to me your	Melissa -- The redlined confirmation below shows the language resolved after discussion with Dana as to what is being traded by the market participants.. Going forward, the insert is to be placed in confirmations with a NEPOOL PTF Delivery Point where delivery will occur at or after 1/1/03, including confirmations issued in relation to EOL trading.. Please call me with any questions.. Thanks.. --David. Dana -- Attached is a draft confirmation template with text inserted in the Delivery Point section to treat the multi-settlement issue you identified.. Dan Alleghretti worked with me to put this together, and believes that multi-settlement would not be implemented before 1/1/03.. The text is intended to balance Buyer s and Seller s intersests so that it can be placed in confirmations where EPMI is Buyer or Seller.	The text is intended to balance Buyer s and Seller s intersests so that it can be placed in confirmations where EPMI is Buyer or Seller.	Please come back to me your comments or I will stop by your desk with a hard copy later this morning so that we can discuss.
Please review these	I f you haven t already done so, please review the attachments.. Don t provide any feedback in writing or e-mails,simply talk to them on an unrecorded line.. Richard -- Thanks for your phonemail yesterday.. This is the email and attachments I sent out yesterday.. Thanks!. karen. Shelly Mansfield has drafted the attached Q A and timeline in anticipation of our lawsuit against TVA regarding our control area.	Shelly Mansfield has drafted the attached Q A and timeline in anticipation of our lawsuit against TVA regarding our control area.	Please review these materials and let me know if this is the approach we want to take if and when we receive inquiries.
Please determine	I ve extended the deal for the rest of the year, with a -0- nom.. D. Daren - Deal 97929, meter 1450 expired Nov. 99.. Is there a way for you to extend the deal or create a new one since there seems to be a little bit of flow each month?. - Aimee. Forwarded by Aimee Lannou/HOU/ECT on 02/03/2000 03:06 PM. Aimee:. There is a bridgeback error at the above referenced meter and month.. The reason for the error is that the deal, 97929 has expired.	The reason for the error is that the deal, 97929 has expired.	Please determine if the deal was to be extended or is there another deal to replace it?
Can you look around and see if	The Finance Group is trying to locate some really old Master Agreements done in 1995.. We looked around and we didn t have any masters in place for the counterparties, but I was thinking maybe they really weren t Master Agreements but our old style confirmations.. The two counterparties were State Street Bank, as Trustee for Cash I, and Citibank as Agent, for Cash I.. The Agreements were listed in the closing documents as Interest Rate Agreement and Commodity Swap Agreement .	The Agreements were listed in the closing documents as Interest Rate Agreement and Commodity Swap Agreement .	Can you look around and see if you have some really old active trades out there for either of those counterparties...?
please review the attachment per Barbara Barkovich			BLACKOUT BUSTERS / BUSINESS CONTINUITY REPRESENTATIVES... please review the attachment per Barbara Barkovich From: Avendano, Nel NCO1 pge.com To: Antonio, Sonny IUCGroup email.com , Avendano, Nel nco1 pge.com , Ayers, Pat peay chevron.com , Baird, Dewey J. bairdd pom-emh1.army.mil , Baird, John John Baird rmiinc.com , Balachandran, Girish girish balachandran city.palo-alto.ca.us , Baldwin, Mark igsinc ix.netcom.com , Baughman, Perry pbaughman urmgroup.com , Blaising, Scott blaising jps.net , Bloch, Lan enfile csc.com , Bolin, Lisa bfa bfa.com , Bond, Scott scott r bond amoco.com , Brady, Matthew V. bradylaw pacbell.net , Briones, Mar info toenergy.com , Brunelle, Barry bbrunel smud.org , Byron, Jeffrey jbyron calpine.com , Call, Harrison callco netdex.com , Celio, Richard C. rcelio apt4power.com , Chancellor, Craig craigc calpine.com , Chen, Bill bchen newenergy.com , Clark, Marshall mclark dgs.ca.gov , Clements, Nigel NClement sempra-slns.com , Cresap, Jeff jcresap energysolutions email.msn.com , De Leon, Fernando Fdeleon energy.state.ca.us , Dey, Sheila sheila wma.org , Douglass, Dan Douglass arterhadden.com , Eisenman, Eric eric.eisenman gen.pge.com , Elder, Katie katie elder rmiinc.com , Evans, Doug devans smurfit.com , Fellman, Diane I. difellman energy-law-group.com , Ferrara, Merilyn Merilyn Ferrara APSES.COM , Finne, Larry lfinne unitedcogen.com , Gansecki, Karyn gansecka sce.com , Greene, Phillip greenep fosterfarms.com , Hamog, Donald hamoyd liggett-emh1.army.mil , Harteloo, Kari klc aelaw.com , Hawes, Cathy chawes eesinc.com , Henton, Ms Donna dhenton2 csc.com , Herzog, Hans hans.herzog acnenergy.com , Hong, Bevin bhong sanfrancisco.usgen.com , Hurley, Lyle lhurley ci.redding.ca.us , Jacobini, Charles charles.jacobini acnenergy.com , Jacobson, Debra S. sra.corp swgas.com , Jansen, Eric ERICJ eslawfirm.com , Kappel, Chase ckappel exeterassociates.com , Karp, Joseph regaffairs sf.whitecase.com , Kelly, Keith kkelly tfsbrokers.com , Keniston, Eric eric keniston city.palo-alto.ca.us , King, Chris S. ckingaei yahoo.com , Kjosnes, Ole ole.kjosnes ci.seattle.wa.us , Kuhn, Peter pkatkandk aol.com , Lafrenz, Don dlf cpuc.ca.gov , Lavigne, Steve sslavigne duke-energy.com , Lawler, Emely lawlerem sce.com , Leslie, John W. jleslie luce.com , Lin, Angie Alin newenergy.com , Little, Naomi M. NMLittle duanemorris.com , Lloyd, Connee clloyd bart.gov , Logsdon, Julie jlogsdon csc.com , MacDonald, Dan danny macdonald powerspring.com , McCartney, Wade wsm cpuc.ca.gov , McCoy, Patrick rmccoy dgs.ca.gov , McDonnell, Patrick pmcdonnell eesinc.com , McGuire, Patrick patrickm crossborderenergy.com , McKillip, Ron rmckilli csc.com , Meyer, Karl karl ncpa.com , Miller, Jeff jmiller caiso.com , Mollon, Janie jsmollon newwestenergy.com , Monier, Wes fwmonier tid.org , Moritzburke, Peter pmoritzburke cera.com , Muller, Phillip philm SCDEnergy.com , Neidig, James E. jim.neidig indsys.ge.com , Noger, Rick rick noger praxair.com , Norris, Paul w6bd msn.com , Patrick, Heather hpatrick gmssr.com , Pau, Judy pauj dwt.com , Paul, Joseph M. jmpa dynegy.com , Perrine, Jay jperrine calwater.com , Porter, Douglas porterdk sce.com , Pritchard, Jan W. janp mid.org , Purves, Ralph rpurves sdge.com , Rochman, Michael rochmanm spurr.org , Ronning, Jill jronning dgs.ca.gov , Rosasco, Margaret frontdesk sierracc.com , Scheuerman, Paul pgs ieee.org , Schlotterbeck, Stacy B. sschlott csc.com , Selting, Anne anne plurimi.com , Skaff, Andrew askaff energy-law-group.com , Skillman, June jskillman prodigy.net , Stancer, William H. william.stancer ipaper.com , Sturdevant, Leticia LSturdevant sempra-slns.com , Tachera, Jennifer jtachera energy.state.ca.us , Takahashi, Tetsunari tetsunari reconcorp.com , Taylor, Leslie mgr-fr cwscommunities.com , Teague, Jonathan M. jteague dgs.ca.gov , Thomas, Aaron Athomas newenergy.com , Toyama, Nathan ntoyama smud.org , Turlay, Randy ipt best.com , Ubavich, Nina Nubavi dwp.ci.la.ca.us , Ungvari, Joseph jungvari rcsis.com , Urick, Lisa lgurick calpx.com , Valeri, Jennifer jvaleri sempra.com , Ware, Wayne wware siliconvalleypower.com , Weil, James jweil aglet.org , Weller, Andrea aweller sel.com , Westby, Elizabeth ewestby aandellp.com , Whitehurst, Barbara bwhitehurst ci.healdsburg.ca.us , Wiggins, Monica mwiggins sempra.com , Wiley, Mike mike elite.net , Williams, Gene gwilliams sppc.com , Wong, Mary marywong sempra.com , Wood, W. William bwood energy.state.ca.us , Yap, Catherine E. ceyap earthlink.net , Yates, E. D. ed clfp.com Cc: Sharp, Shelly SSM3 pge.com , Smith, Anita RegRel AWS4 pge.com , Shaw, Susan SXS9 pge.com , llockhart preti.com , john.occhipinti us.gases.boc.com , aweller sel.com , butzjh apci.com , kmccrea sablaw.com , stephen gardner mckennacuneo.com , DavoodiKR efaches.navfac.navy.mil , dickpreston comverge-tech.com , joel apogee.net , culliglh mapleleaf.ca , rcsstl cdmnet.com , cecelia.valencia airliquide.com , djones2 chw.edu , jsmollon newwestenergy.com , napedersen jonesday.com , athomas newenergy.com , bob.mclellan trizechahn.com , sschwartz kelleydrye.com , cyounger manatt.com , rkeen manatt.com , dhuard manatt.com , jlott hasc.org , eualw hollywoodpark.com , pjohner memorialcare.org , rsiemer memorialcare.org , dcrane chw.edu , lgurick calpx.com , b.hay silganplastics.com , douglass arterhadden.com , bruce.reed sce.com , jleslie luce.com , pszymanski sempra.com , jhay sempra.com , fmo sdcity.sannet.gov , jpuentes ocbc.org , fields surfcity-hb.org , awattslaw earthlink.net , reechpubpol mail.com , furutanj efawest.navfac.navy.mil , marcel turn.org , joe como ci.sf.ca.us , ek a-klaw.com , jlondon gralegal.com , lroche fbm.com , mjohnson health-law.com , asp jmbm.com.
Please reallocate mtr 1517 with these	At Sweeney Mtr 1517 , for December, 6,000/day was confirmed to the Phillips sale.. Acutally, we should have nominated a purchase of 4,000 and a sale of 10,000.. The original purchase deal had the incorrect year on the deal date.. So, I have created deal 148851.	So, I have created deal 148851.	Please reallocate mtr 1517 with these changes; sale of 10,000 on deal 93804, purchase of 4,000 on 148851.
To get off the list, please send an e-mail to: LISTSERV LIST.RTOWEST.ORG and			To get off the list, please send an e-mail to: LISTSERV LIST.RTOWEST.ORG and in the subject line, please put SIGNOFF RRGA-L
Jim/Lillian:  please replace the daily transition update meeting on Wednesday s with this meeting.	Brian,. This was not a replacement for any meeting.. I had intented this to be a working/decision making/resolution meeting for energy ops.. I have a group of people working on various issues that are interdependent.. This was a chance for them to hear progress from the different areas.. We included IT because most of our issues are dependent on them completing certain items before we can move ahead.. thanks. bob. Bob/Tommy: Great idea - we should be able to keep it to under an hour 12:00 - 1:00 .. I will pay for lunch.. Lets keep it focused on IT/Business Ops/Trading issues so we don t duplicate the general meeting we have on Tuesday s.	Lets keep it focused on IT/Business Ops/Trading issues so we don t duplicate the general meeting we have on Tuesday s.	Jim/Lillian: please replace the daily transition update meeting on Wednesday s with this meeting.
questions please give me a call.	Yes it does.. It includes any original guarantees we may be giving or receiving.. Tana:. Does this include original Enron Corp. guarantees?. On the physical side, we have the counterparty sign the Enron Corp. document and therefore have an original.. Let me know.. Thanks,. Jeff. Per the email below, please note that if you haven t been sending your original guarantees to Credit, it appears this should be done so in the future.. Please forward this email on to other members of your group that might be responsible for filing original guarantees.. Tana,. I have talked with everyone involved, Anthony Campos, Mark Thorne, etc., and everyone is in agreement that original guarantees should now come to credit.. If you could please, just make sure that they come to my attention so that they can be briefed and entered into our Credit Agg System.	If you could please, just make sure that they come to my attention so that they can be briefed and entered into our Credit Agg System.	If you have any questions please give me a call.
o Changes for the position manager are in progress and on schedule  please	Louise,. Please see below for the GTV II project weekly status update and the attached file for the updated project timelines.. GTV status meeting attendees: Zhiyong Wei, Karima Husain, Francis Lim, Jeremy Wong, Bill Fortney, Nayan Dattani, Dave Nommensen, Russ Severson, Narasim Kasaru, Jay Krish.. Accomplishments: ?. Incorporating physcial deal positions in TDS: o Changes to CPR reader process its unit testing have been completed.. o Changes for the view aggregation has been completed.	o Changes for the view aggregation has been completed.	o Changes for the position manager are in progress and on schedule please see the attached project timeline .
Please plan to attend this presentation by ICF Consulting.	Krishna,. We should invite Kim Watson and her associates as well.. Vince. The following presentation will be this Friday, the 18th of February from 1:00 pm to 3:00 pm in EB 19C2 Our large conference room .	The following presentation will be this Friday, the 18th of February from 1:00 pm to 3:00 pm in EB 19C2 Our large conference room .	Please plan to attend this presentation by ICF Consulting.
Please call me toll free at 1-800-322-5850,	Hello, My name is Rosemary Findley.. I am a sales consultant with House Dressing Furniture, in Greensboro, NC.. I just received your email and would love to help you if possible.	I just received your email and would love to help you if possible.	Please call me toll free at PHONE , between 8:30am and 5:30pm Monday- Friday.
Please get back to me by Friday morning.	I vote yes.. I will also be taking the 20,21,22 off .. I am requesting that the 20th be my discretionary day.. Folks, I was going to bring this up in the Staff meeting but since it has been cancelled......... Please be advised that:. 1 I m taking a few vacation days beginning Wednesday, November 15th through Monday, November 20th; returning Tuesday, November 21st.. 2 I would like to get a temp to cover for me in my absence; Sue however, suggested we be democratic and put it to a vote; therefore, your thoughts?	2 I would like to get a temp to cover for me in my absence; Sue however, suggested we be democratic and put it to a vote; therefore, your thoughts?	Please get back to me by Friday morning.
Please respond.	Steve, FYI and further handling.. This is the guy from infrastructure world.. He just called me on it as well.	He just called me on it as well.	Please respond.
Please amend the Oneok file asap.			Please amend the Oneok file asap.
Please verify that this is okay.	This deal is starting to get confusing.... so here is the whole deal effective 3/21 to 3/31.. gulf / leach/coh 22-3. 38011/46 8979/8711/ PHONE 5/25 3657/3548/ PHONE 9/7 3159/3065/ PHONE 5/6 3686/3576/ PHONE 5/8 0/1917/1876 This piece from TCO pool.. No contracts are currently overrun.. Cindy/Kathy/Jesse - we are pulling 19481 from your p20 pool on contract 63895, which max s out the contract.. Any additional Aristech coh 22-3 sale will have to be from TCO pool.. Kara - we are delivering to coh 22-3 as follows: PHONE PHONE PHONE PHONE . John - I have 550,154 being pulled from p20 for the month.. I hope that ties to your number.. I cannot pull any additional gas from p20, because this would overrun your FTS1 contract.. The 1 dkt SIT can be made up from Enron s TCO pool.	The 1 dkt SIT can be made up from Enron s TCO pool.	Please verify that this is okay.
Give me a call to discuss.	Ellen, The attached document at the end of this is the final except for the minor change which we discussed.. Lets discuss.. This is the shorter term 5 year deal.. Please see the confirmation letter with slight changes to the delivery point and the 30 day termination sentence.	Please see the confirmation letter with slight changes to the delivery point and the 30 day termination sentence.	Give me a call to discuss.
Can you help us by interviewing him in Sydney?	Shirley,. Please, fax the resume to Raymond.. Vince. Dear Vince,. It was our privilege to have you here.. Paul s wife had a baby yesterday, and Paul will be back on Thursday.. So maybe item 3 can wait until Paul s return.. As for 2 , yes - i will need a PS reader :o Again, let us check Paul s diary on his return before fixing a time for Quentin Kerr. 1 1.. The resume you sent to me and Grant looks quite good.. I think it makes sense to interview this person and we can help you with a phone interview.. Is this Simon ??. ?. Thanks Raymond. Paul Raymond,. It took more than a few days to catch up after I came back from Australia.. There are few things I would like to bring up to your attention.. First of all, I would like to thank you for your hospitality.. I learned a lot about the Australian markets and was greatly impressed with the quality of the people at the Sydney office.. 1.. The resume you sent to me and Grant looks quite good.. I think it makes sense to interview this person and we can help you with a phone interview.. 2.. I have received another resume that looks very promising.. I am very interested in this guy and would be ready to bring him over to the States where we lack desperately technical talent.	I am very interested in this guy and would be ready to bring him over to the States where we lack desperately technical talent.	Can you help us by interviewing him in Sydney?
Please set up an NG-PRICE2-PRC book with the same	Susan,. The NG-PRICE-PRC book will now be calculated using two post ids.. Therefore, we need an additional RisktRAC book id for the Price book so that we can capture both post ids.	Therefore, we need an additional RisktRAC book id for the Price book so that we can capture both post ids.	Please set up an NG-PRICE2-PRC book with the same attributes as the NG-PRICE-PRC book.
selected to provide feedback on one of your fellow employees, please take t	BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS. Coal Trading The liquidity in trading of the Standard European Coal Agreement has 20 increased significantly over the last 6 weeks.. Many counterparties that 20 previously opted to stay on the sidelines finally chose to join the game.. 20 Since the contract s inception at the beginning of the year, Enron has trad ed 20 a total of 5.3 million tons against the SECA contract, of which 3.8 million 20 tons has been traded via EnronOnline since July 2000.. We are 5.3 million 20 tons of a total traded market of 5.8 million tons.. Principal Investments Tridium Inc., the leading provider of Internet-based automation 20 infrastructure solutions, announced the close of a 20 million round of 20 capital funding.. The funds will be used to increase Tridium 01,s sales and 20 technical support offices in North America, expand its operations into Euro pe 20 and Asia, and enhance its technology and products.. kRoad Ventures, L.P. and 20 Enron North America each contributed 10 million in venture capital.. Corporate Development Allegheny Energy Supply Company, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Alleghen y 20 Energy, Inc., announced the signing of a definitive agreement under which 20 Allegheny Energy Supply will purchase three Enron natural gas-fired merchan t 20 generating facilities.. The acquisition is expected to close in the 2nd 20 quarter of 2001.. PERFORMANCE REVIEW. The deadline to provide feedback is Friday, November 17.	The deadline to provide feedback is Friday, November 17.	If you have been 20 selected to provide feedback on one of your fellow employees, please take t he 20 time to fill out an evaluation online at www.pep.enron.com.
7.   Please provide the names, addresses, etc. for Sections 25.1 and			-Origin: MANN-K X-FileName: kmann.nsf
suggestions or comments once you ve come by the site, please send them to	Here it is, you nabe.. Michelle. Michelle Cash Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3823 Houston, Texas 770 PHONE michelle.cash enron.com. This message may contain confidential information that is protected by the attorney-client and/or work product privileges.. OK, so maybe I haven t kept in touch lately - but there s a pretty good reason for it.. I ve been working for a new company called SmartPrice.com, and we ve been pushing hard to get our web site launched.. Now that we ve officially launched, I want to make sure my friends are the first to come by and use it.. You can find us at http://www.smartprice.com/.. We deliver all of the information you need to make smart long distance choices.. All you need to do is come to our site, give us a little information about your calling habits, and we ll find you the best deal.. The best news is: our service is free.. Now that you know what s been keeping me so busy, I hope you ll come to the site and start saving money.. I think you ll find it s worth it - so far, our customers have saved an average of 30 on their long distance bills by using our service.. As I mentioned, our site is fairly new.. We re really interested in learning as much as possible, and this is where we can use your help.	We re really interested in learning as much as possible, and this is where we can use your help.	If you have suggestions or comments once you ve come by the site, please send them to feedback smartprice.com.
Could you look into the confirmation for this transaction?	Dan,. Attached is a term sheet that has been sent to Eastern New Mexico gas company to extend a four year deal that ends on April 30, 2001.	Attached is a term sheet that has been sent to Eastern New Mexico gas company to extend a four year deal that ends on April 30, 2001.	Could you look into the confirmation for this transaction?
please comment at your convenience.	Sally,. This is my stab at a consolidated list from the last 2 weeks.. We may have to change the format to capture all the issues and explanations, but I wanted you to have this for your meeting today.. Rebooks are on the second sheet in the workbook, but cover only the last week.. Let me know if you have questions or need additional info.	Let me know if you have questions or need additional info.	I ll be working with the business analyst to take over this reporting later this week, so please comment at your convenience.
Please offer that approval as quickly	Mark -. See Leslie s approval below, and please approve this in DataManager.. Forwarded by Dale Neuner/HOU/ECT on 07/20/2000 09:48 AM. Dale:. The product description looks fine to me.. Leslie. This is a follow-up to my e-mail sent earlier.. The Product Type has been built in test and awaits your approval.	The Product Type has been built in test and awaits your approval.	Please offer that approval as quickly as posible, as John Lavoratto is eager to see this offered on EOL.
Please review the attached Schedule and Paragraph 13 ASAP and let Frank have your comments.			Please review the attached Schedule and Paragraph 13 ASAP and let Frank have your comments.
please get John up to speed on this opportunity.	Are you aware or should you be aware of this...... There are several issues with this, the main one being that we get the biggest bang for our gives to IBM... It seems the way this is set up, IBM will piecemeal us and get a lot of work without a significant get for Enron ie an outsourcing or a bandwidth or other deal. Are there IT and Process issues?. Is Sally involved.. Maybe they are self-contained and none of this is anyone s business.. I would like your thoughts...... Guys,. we need to get our arms around this one.. John, IBM India is calling on Sanjay s team in India re outsourcing design and operation of data centers in India.. I want to make sure that we add this to IBM s get list.. Coordination with India has not been easy.. Joe and Ken are asking us to get a handle on this.. Rich Thomas is helping to coordinate communication with India.. Rich is managing the overall IBM relationship.	Rich is managing the overall IBM relationship.	Rich, could you please get John up to speed on this opportunity.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Kathryn Melton 3209 Brookmeade Deer Park, TX 77536 kathryn.melton shell.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to demand you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Debra,  Please send Gary Bryan a sample master firm.			Debra, Please send Gary Bryan a sample master firm.
Please call me with any questions.	Debra -. Attached is worksheet for MGI Supply, Ltd.	Attached is worksheet for MGI Supply, Ltd.	Please call me with any questions.
please take a few minutes today to fill out Enron s annual employee feedbac	Please take the time to respond to this survey.. It is important for Enron to 20 know what you think about the company....your vote counts!. Regards,. Chris Calger and Tim Belden. Is available: through Friday, Oct. 27 Is located at: survey.enron.com. You only have one more week to check your pulse.	You only have one more week to check your pulse.	Your input is crucial, so 20 please take a few minutes today to fill out Enron s annual employee feedbac k 20 survey.
Please include pthompson akllp.com and ccobb akllp.com on the email with dial			Please include pthompson akllp.com and ccobb akllp.com on the email with dial in instructions.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Brett McLaughlin 7 Thrush Field Way Pittsford, NY 14534 BlueHero Hotmail.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Could you please set up a 30 minute meeting Monday morning with Rod to			Suzanne: Could you please set up a 30 minute meeting Monday morning with Rod to discuss Reliant Energy Services ISDA issues?
Please respond to michael.demott NY.FRB.ORG			Michael DeMott michael.demott NY.FRB.ORG PEACH.EASE.LSOFT.COM on 02/21/2001 12:49:18 PM Please respond to michael.demott NY.FRB.ORG Sent by: Federal Reserve Bank of NY Research Publications FRBNYRMAG1 PEACH.EASE.LSOFT.COM To: FRBNYRMAG1 PEACH.EASE.LSOFT.COM cc: Subject: New FRBNY Research: 2/22
Go ahead and make any changes that	Here you go, Kim.. I ve added a couple more counterparty names to your list, and made a few minor changes that I thought might clarify the reasoning behind and origination of these no confirm deals.. The one counterparty name I couldn t recall was Bonneville - do you remember who requested that we not confirm these?. Please let me know if you have any questions on the additions.. Thanks, Kate. Hi everyone!. I have begun to document all special situations and counterparties that are exceptions to our not to be confirmed rules.. Thus, in the future, when we need to answer questions regarding why certain deals are unconfirmed, there will be no confusion about where the directives not to do so originated.. Please review this document carefully.	Please review this document carefully.	Go ahead and make any changes that you d like -but please change your font color so that I will know which items you have added.
please print these.			please print these.
Please observe Enron 01,s policy.	Effective March 1, 2001 Enron North America CO 0413 employees will begin 20 using XMS Expense Management System to process employee expense 20 reimbursements.. XMS is a web based employee expense reimbursement system which will provide 20 the following benefits;. ?. More timely reimbursements to employees ?. User friendly Web access ?. Ability for employee or designated administrative assistant to submit 20 expense reimbursement ?. Greater efficiency and lower cost ?. Efficiently integrated with the current SAP accounting system. This system will REPLACE our current manual expense reimbursement process.. 20 All employee expense reimbursements for ENA employees submitted after March 20 1, 2001 should be done via XMS.. 20. Following are details regarding system access, training and support.. To access the system go to the Enron Home Page and type http://xms.enron.co m 20 in the address field.. LOGON ID Enter your personnel number P number .. HR information is loaded 20 automatically into XMS, but an incomplete load may mean that some people s 20 IDs are not updated.. If your P number doesn t work, try using your first 20 initial and last name lower case .. If you can t log in to the system, go to 20 the IT Central web page from the Enron home page and select Services Securi ty 20 Requests eRequest or call PHONE .. PASSWORD The first time you log in, the password is upper case ENRON.. The system wi ll 20 guide you through confirming your personal information and changing your 20 password.. The Enron Code of Ethics prohibits the sharing of passwords and 20 logging on as another person.	The Enron Code of Ethics prohibits the sharing of passwords and 20 logging on as another person.	Please observe Enron 01,s policy.
Please give me a call tomorrow to schedule a time to talk w/Greg.	Bruce,. Greg Whalley would like to speak with you on tomorrow, Wednesday, June 28.	Greg Whalley would like to speak with you on tomorrow, Wednesday, June 28.	Please give me a call tomorrow to schedule a time to talk w/Greg.
Kaye:  Please verify phone number below and on my calendar for 5/16.			Kaye: Please verify phone number below and on my calendar for 5/16.
CY please work through w Tim			CY please work through w Tim thanks
Please direct bill our cost center for all of the expenses incurred for your services.	Sam, We will be moving to our new office space on Monday December 3rd.. We will need you to help move our computers and install our new network equipment.	We will need you to help move our computers and install our new network equipment.	Please direct bill our cost center for all of the expenses incurred for your services.
Please use contract .			Please use contract .
Please follow the above URL to view and listen to a replay of this CERA	Title: Current Crisis and the Southern Cone Gas and Power Markets URL s :. http://www20.cera.com/eprofile?u 35 m 2752;. In an October 18, 2001 CERA Conference Call and Web Presentation, Barbara Mattos, Jed Bailey, and Otavio Mielnik discussed:. Southern Cone Economic Update. New Drivers for Power Supply and Demand. Natural Gas Supply and Demand	Natural Gas Supply and Demand	Please follow the above URL to view and listen to a replay of this CERA conference call playback.
take a look and we ll send it to Greg.			take a look and we ll send it to Greg.
Please respond to merlinmLenhart			Please respond to merlinmLenhart
Could we please get together with Brent Price and Mike Jordan and discuss	As we said before, I would like to be able to utilize Todd Hall for special projects from time to time.. I had mentioned to Mike Jordan that once Todd completed his CommodityLogic role that I thought that we could take some of his time to follow up on Continental Power issues, which could fit nicely with some work he could do on Weather in Europe.. I don t know about the one month timeframe.. I would prefer that Todd review the initiatives and determine the best way to proceed.. It might mean a couple of weeks over there for starters, and then a follow up, shorter trip a few weeks later.. I don t think that Todd is keen on any elongated stays in Europe, particularly without the family.. Can we still use Todd ?. Sally,. As you are probably aware the Continental Power book split project went well but there were a number of areas which were not completed for one reason or another but essentially IT did not deliver according to the agreed timetable.. Todd was instrumental in helping me to drive this forward and was responsible for much of what we achieved.. As you may also be aware we had some personnel issues and there have been significant changes in the Continental Risk Management team.. We have now recruited a strong manager in Coralie Evans from CSFB and she starts on the 29th of August.. We have also added Michelle Waldhauser from the Houston Gas Risk Management team who arrived on the 7th of August.. There are a number of issues and developments which would greatly benefit from having Todd here in London for around a month I say around a month as I am guessing within this period he would want to spend some time in Oslo pushing the weather Risk Management area forward .. Attached is a page I put together that cover our immediate needs and why Todd is ideally placed to potentially add an enormous amount of value to the Continental Power business.	Attached is a page I put together that cover our immediate needs and why Todd is ideally placed to potentially add an enormous amount of value to the Continental Power business.	Could we please get together with Brent Price and Mike Jordan and discuss whether Todd would be available come over.
Also please copy Nick	Yes, Please send them to me for my review.	Yes, Please send them to me for my review.	Also please copy Nick Cocavesis.
Please respond to News Review  goodnews news-review.co.uk			News Review goodnews news-review.co.uk on 04/20/2001 09:14:28 PM Please respond to News Review goodnews news-review.co.uk To: vkamins ect.enron.com cc: Subject: News Review update
Please see the following announcement for an entrepreneurship course that s	Hi Everyone,	Hi Everyone,	Please see the following announcement for an entrepreneurship course that s being offered next semester.
Chris, Scott, and Doug... please determine how this will be coordinated.	Jeff Porter and I have discussed this several times over the last week.. The Choice program storage is to be negotiated by CES-Retail.. In fact, our agreement with CES Retail says that they will give us actual volumes for our storage schedule by March 15.. Chris, have you called CES to see how they re coming along with the schedule?. It would be a nice, gentle reminder to call them a week in advance which is today , so they can start putting it together.. To ensure we are all on the same page... how does the renewal of this contract work for April 1?. If I remember correctly, the injection contract is from April 1st to October 31st.. Who negotiates this with the CDC??. ?. John Hodge thought it was Doug Mckinney in Herndon.. However, the storage becomes Enron s on April 1st.. So... does Enron negotiate?	So... does Enron negotiate?	Chris, Scott, and Doug... please determine how this will be coordinated.
Could you please review the proposed hierarchy structure and let me know of any issues  i.e. all traders are captured or that we don t have any  extra  traders reflected.			-Origin: McLaughlin-E X-FileName: EMCLAUG Non-Privileged .pst
Please reject the my exense account that I sent to you earlier for approval.	Elizabeth,	Elizabeth,	Please reject the my exense account that I sent to you earlier for approval.
please reply to the sender that you received the message in	A.G.. Richard.. This is in WordPerfect.. Let me know if you can t open it.. The preceding message and any attachments may contain confidential information protected by the attorney-client or other privilege.	The preceding message and any attachments may contain confidential information protected by the attorney-client or other privilege.	If you believe that it has been sent to you in error, please reply to the sender that you received the message in error.
Please review the enclosed at your convenience and advise of any comments.	Please print.. Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 12/14/2000 04:57 PM. 2RZ501!.DOC 2R6LRED.DOC 2RZ601!.DOC 2RLSRED.DOC 2RZ5RED.DOC 2RZ801!.DOC 2RSWRED.DOC. We have enclosed initial drafts of the following documents:. 1.. Letter Agreement for the Turbine Transaction clean copy and blacklined copy marked to reflect revisions from the current draft of the turbine letter agreement with Coral ;. 2.. Letter Agreement for the Transformer Transaction clean copy, blacklined copy marked to reflect revisions from the current draft of the transformer letter agreement with Coral, and blacklined copy marked to reflect revisions from the turbine letter agreement referenced as item no.. 1 above ;. 3.. Limited Liability Company Agreement clean copy and blacklined copy marked to reflect revisions from the current draft of the LLC agreement for CA/ED-II .. As mentioned on the telephone, I have retained a number of the representations and warranties requested by Coral, with modifications where necessary to eliminate those aspects which were objectionable to Enron.. The justification for this is that nearly any purchaser would insist on such representations, and it is often more advantageous to present a draft that appears to be neutral, rather than allow the counterparty to focus on what is not there and then have the advantage of drafting precisely what it wants.. Therefore, we suggest that Enron carefully review the representations and warranties in order that any objectionable items can be eliminated before circulation of documents to the counterparty.. Because we rearranged and reorganized the representations and warranties to make a more clear presentation, the blacklined drafts will not be very helpful fur purposes of reviewing representations and warranties.	Because we rearranged and reorganized the representations and warranties to make a more clear presentation, the blacklined drafts will not be very helpful fur purposes of reviewing representations and warranties.	Please review the enclosed at your convenience and advise of any comments.
Please review and comment.	Here is FCE s markup of the Acceptance Procedures.	Here is FCE s markup of the Acceptance Procedures.	Please review and comment.
find out can you pls let me know.	I guess TFS originally had Palo on their confirm - which was wrong - then the deal got changed to Mid-C.. So Enpower is right, and Mike just let his broker know to change the delivery point on the confirm.. Thanks, Kate. i was informed they are trying to schedule this deal.	i was informed they are trying to schedule this deal.	so, as soon as you find out can you pls let me know.
Please process the payment to ILOG for CPLEX maintenance renewal.			Shirley, Please process the payment to ILOG for CPLEX maintenance renewal.
Please, make sure everything is current.	Vasant,. This list goes to Dave Delainey.	This list goes to Dave Delainey.	Please, make sure everything is current.
Please take me off your email list			Please take me off your email list
Can you attach file?	Irena,	Irena,	Can you attach file?
Please copy Dasovich and Mccubbin on the	Proposed edits attached.. Looks good -- I like the references to the energy savings.... I think we should try to get this story some play in california; not necessarily in the media but perhaps with some of the folks we are working with in the Gov s office.	I think we should try to get this story some play in california; not necessarily in the media but perhaps with some of the folks we are working with in the Gov s office.	Please copy Dasovich and Mccubbin on the final.
Can you please direct one of the paralegals to assist Angeline with getting			Can you please direct one of the paralegals to assist Angeline with getting this documentation in place.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	D. Foy O Brien 121 NE 8th Street Gainesville, FL 32601 dfoyo bellsouth.net. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
or please reply by e-mail to me.	Ken,. I shall be glad to join you for lunch with MEC.. Vince Kaminski. Working Lunch. On Tuesday, July 25, I am meeting with Molecular Electronics Corp. MEC to discuss the opportunity for establishing this newly formed company in Houston.. For those of you that are not familiar with MEC, they are considered one of the premier companies in the area of molecular computing.. MEC has approached Enron to discuss a possible alliance that would facilitate their development and, in particular, location in the Houston area.. MEC represents the frontier of computing technology.. I would like to invite you to participate in a working lunch discussion of the opportunities and obstacles facing a company that is seeking to change an industry.. I would appreciate it if you could join us on July 25 from 11:30 to 1:30 in EB49C1 for this informal roundtable with the CEO of MEC, Harvey Plotnick and one of the founders, Jim Tour.	I would appreciate it if you could join us on July 25 from 11:30 to 1:30 in EB49C1 for this informal roundtable with the CEO of MEC, Harvey Plotnick and one of the founders, Jim Tour.	Will you please let Vanessa Groscrand know if you can attend at PHONE or please reply by e-mail to me.
please calendar.			please calendar.
Please make sure your gift is clearly labeled with the recipient s name and a description of the gift.	Hello all!. First, thank you for your generosity this holiday season, especially during this difficult time.. Your gifts and donations will help bring holiday cheer into the lives of our three adopted families.	Your gifts and donations will help bring holiday cheer into the lives of our three adopted families.	If you have chosen a gift tag from the tree: Please make sure your gift is clearly labeled with the recipient s name and a description of the gift.
Please advise or change as necessary.	Sean,. I am sending this note to request that the correct counterparty name be confirmed on the 2 below puchase deals for Sep/01 production.. We are being invoiced by Coral Energy Canada Inc., whereas we have these deals in the system under Coral Energy Resources, L.P.. I cannot find executed confirmations on these deals.. Vladi Pimenov may be the trader or risk contact for these deals.	Vladi Pimenov may be the trader or risk contact for these deals.	Please advise or change as necessary.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to	Elizabeth Caperton 486 Rock Springs Road Atlanta, GA 30324 ecaperton mindspring.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealin Elizabeth Caperton
Also, please add	Kimie got my last invitation.. If we add more, I ll have to get more.. It is Bobbie Gonzalez.	It is Bobbie Gonzalez.	Also, please add Kimie Wilmott 514 Northwood Houston, 77009
Also, could you please delete the fax number referenced below	Hey Gerald,. We are ready for execution copy.. They accepted the lone remaining issue, Notice: Fax.	They accepted the lone remaining issue, Notice: Fax.	Also, could you please delete the fax number referenced below the guarantor.
Mark:  Please review and provide me with your suggested changes.			Mark: Please review and provide me with your suggested changes.
Please look closely over this version and let me know if you see any problems.	Hi Kathy,	Hi Kathy,	Please look closely over this version and let me know if you see any problems.
Make sure you review	eGoose Market Call for members... Click below link to view today s chart: http://www.worldwidetraders.com/eGoose PHONE .pdf. RBAK: Redback Networks has been consolidating for four days after its gap up from an upgrade on 6/1.. However, its relative weakness is shown by its inability advance significantly with the broader markets.. It has a convergence of overhead resistance at the declining 10-, 20- and 50-day MAs.. It closed with a bearish piercing pattern .02 away from being bearish engulfing .. OBV and price volume trend are bearish.. Consider SHORTING RBAK once it trades at 15.92.. Suggested target is 13.77.. Suggested stop is 16.33.. To view the chart for today s selection, click: http://www.worldwidetraders.com/eGoose PHONE .pdf.	To view the chart for today s selection, click: http://www.worldwidetraders.com/eGoose PHONE .pdf.	Make sure you review the eGoose Gap Rules on how to play suggested trades, which may be found following today s chart on the link above.
Can you help me with this?			Can you help me with this?
I did not know who all in your departments needed the list, so can you please forward as appropriate.	Due to the announcement Friday of the new organization of the trading groups to EWS, and the decision to include the risk control groups as part of Enron NetWorks, please hold off on making any of the below noted moves until we have resorted everything out.. We will endeavor to have this clarified by mid-week to enable us to make everything effective as of April 30.. Thanks. W. David/Kalen,. Attached is a detail of new cost centers set up on Company No.. 1596 - EES Wholesale- this is an accounting entity set up underneath the ENA legal entity to capture the employees transferring from EES to EWS, with the applicable employees listed.	1596 - EES Wholesale- this is an accounting entity set up underneath the ENA legal entity to capture the employees transferring from EES to EWS, with the applicable employees listed.	I did not know who all in your departments needed the list, so can you please forward as appropriate.
Our wines are on a first-come, first-served basis, so kindly mail your check	Thank you for your order with Scott Paul Wines!. Please keep this email for your records.. PRODUCT NAME, PRICE, QTY, SUBTOTAL. 1999 Pisoni Vineyard Pinot Noir, 38.00, 12, 456.00. Sub-Total: 456.00 Tax: 22.80 Shipping: 53.92 Grand Total: 532.72. Your shipping information is as follows:. Email: sara.shackleton enron.com Name: Michael McKeogh Address 1: 601 Poydras Street Address 2: Suite 2421 City: New Orleans State: Louisiana Zip: 70130	Email: sara.shackleton enron.com Name: Michael McKeogh Address 1: 601 Poydras Street Address 2: Suite 2421 City: New Orleans State: Louisiana Zip: 70130	Our wines are on a first-come, first-served basis, so kindly mail your check promptly.
Would you please send your fax number to me?	Tana:	Tana:	Would you please send your fax number to me?
questions, please give me a call.	I have contacted HR and the changes were made on Friday.. Please make sure that the system reflects John Lavorato s Houston number and that his Canada number is not dialed.. Call me if you have questions at PHONE .. Kim Hillis. Tycie Magee. Please contact HR with your correct information.. Even if we make corrections in Parlance, HR s information will override our corrections.	Even if we make corrections in Parlance, HR s information will override our corrections.	If you have any questions, please give me a call.
review, please give me a call to discuss any issues or questions you may have	Ms. Buchanan:. Attached for your consideration is a draft of a Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement between Enron North America Corp. and TrizecHahn.	Attached for your consideration is a draft of a Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement between Enron North America Corp. and TrizecHahn.	Upon your review, please give me a call to discuss any issues or questions you may have regarding this matter.
Could you resend	indolent IN-duh-lehnt adjective. 1.. Disinclined to exert oneself; habitually lazy.. Conducive to inactivity or laziness; lethargic.. 2.. Causing little or no pain.. Slow to heal, grow, or develop; inactive.. Late Latin indolens, indolent-, painless : Latin in-, not Latin dolens, present participle of dolere, to feel pain.. Wherever it came from, the musical came with its hair mussed and with an innocent, indolent, irreverent look on its bright, bland face.. Walter Kerr, On musical comedy, NY Herald Tribune, Sep 1, 63.. I love mankind.. It s the people I can t stand.. Do you ever find yourself repeating these words of cartoonist Charles Schultz?. Maybe you just happen to be around persons described in this week s AWAD.. We have all been somewhere when almost everyone around seems less than charming.. But remember, just like the fingers of a hand, it takes all kinds to make this world.. -Anu. .............................................................................. If I have seen farther than others, it is because I have stood on the shoulders of giants.. -Isaac Newton, philosopher and mathematician PHONE . Q: Some time ago you featured a quote/word about x in AWAD.	Q: Some time ago you featured a quote/word about x in AWAD.	Could you resend it?
Also, please check the volumes.	Take a look and let me know what you think.	Take a look and let me know what you think.	Also, please check the volumes.
3. Please provide the O M contract with Operational Energy Corporation.			-FileName: brogers.nsf
Can you coordinate, in my absence, the lunch with IT	Tanya,	Tanya,	Can you coordinate, in my absence, the lunch with IT and credit.
Lunch is provided so please RSVP to Margaret Doucette no later than	ENRON TRAVEL CLUB http://home.enron.com:84/travel/. January Meeting Tuesday, 1/9/01 EB 5C2 Noon	January Meeting Tuesday, 1/9/01 EB 5C2 Noon	Lunch is provided so please RSVP to Margaret Doucette no later than Monday at noon on January 8, 2001.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Christine Tindall 4132 Avery Detroit, MI 48208 olliecat60 hotmail.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please confirm that the following deals should have  zero prices  in			Phil Jeremy, Please confirm that the following deals should have zero prices in Enpower.
yes...please change griffith to trading.			yes...please change griffith to trading.
Please check out the following contracts and forward to Dan Hyvl.			Please check out the following contracts and forward to Dan Hyvl.
group, please reply by calling the SME hotline at x30333.	The Win2k Project Team is currently looking for qualified individuals to assist us in testing applications for Windows 2000.. These individuals called Subject Matter Experts, or SMEs will be needed to ensure certain applications are running Properly under Win2k.. Below is the application group you are listed under.	Below is the application group you are listed under.	If you are familiar with these applications and would be willing to help out, or if you would like to designate some one in your group, please reply by calling the SME hotline at x30333.
Give me a call or just stop by	I may be out of the office on Monday but any morning is fine.	I may be out of the office on Monday but any morning is fine.	Give me a call or just stop by
Please review the attached and feel free to call, fax or e-mail me with any	Paul: Please bring this to our meeting.. Stephanie: Please update for form changes.. Dear Susan -. As per our phone conversation of last week, attached for your review please find a revised draft both clean and blacklined of the Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement.. The attached draft incorporates all of Morgan s comments and should be self-explanatory.. The motivation behind many of our comments was a conscious effort to keep the credit terms nearly identical to those already agreed to with other Enron entities.	The motivation behind many of our comments was a conscious effort to keep the credit terms nearly identical to those already agreed to with other Enron entities.	Please review the attached and feel free to call, fax or e-mail me with any questions or comments.
Please inform Vince and have Vince get with John on what his title/  will be.	Kim:. The interviews conducted on February 2 are just exploratory interviews to see where Punit might fit within Enron.. Vince thought he might fit in John s group.. The title and amount will not be determined until it is decided where he should be if at all .. If John is interested after the interview, then he and Vince can get together to discuss and title.. If you or John have any other questions, please let me know.. Thanks!. Shirley 3-5290. Shirley,. It is to my understand that Vince is bringing in Punit for a day of interviews.. John has agreed to meet with him on February 2.	John has agreed to meet with him on February 2.	Please inform Vince and have Vince get with John on what his title/ will be.
Could you please call me at 713 345 5044  O  or 713 515 2759 so that we can	FYI.. Looks like this is moving along.. I ll get this folks what they need and let you know how it s going.. Best, Jeff. Jeff,. My name is Kurt Lindahl.. I recently joined Enron Global Markets on the LNG team.. I m the Lead Developer for the West Coast and have been charged with building a several LNG terminal s on the west coast.. Michael McGarry, from Enron Engineering and Operational Services Company, is the lead Development Engineer on the project.. A key question in this effort is, Where is the best entry point into the Socal/SG E/PG E pipeline systems.. In other words, where can we site a LNG terminal and deliver natural gas into their systems, such that the amount of facilities they require is minimal?. I spoke with Ben Asante who heads up the optimization department in ETS.. He said that if we could get annual flow diagrams for the California intrastate systems, he could prepare a model in about 2 weeks time.. Interstate pipelines have to file Annual Flow Diagrams at FERC, but I m not sure what Intrastates are obligated to file with the CPUC?. That s where I need your help.. This is a hot subject, because the race to site an LNG terminal is intense.	This is a hot subject, because the race to site an LNG terminal is intense.	Could you please call me at PHONE O or PHONE so that we can discuss.
Could you please give him a call at your earliest convenience?	Hi, Diomedes.. I just tried to reach you on your cell phone PHONE for Jeff.	I just tried to reach you on your cell phone PHONE for Jeff.	Could you please give him a call at your earliest convenience?
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Eric Orlin 4123 55th Avenue SW Seattle, WA 98116 eorlin ups.edu. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please get together with me and the fundies group to	Nice compliment.. We shoudl discuss putting together an automated sheet each day for cash trading.	We shoudl discuss putting together an automated sheet each day for cash trading.	Please get together with me and the fundies group to work out a report.
Please review these deals for credit approval.			Please review these deals for credit approval.
Hey, check out this cool, stainless steel mug!	In the last week, five new ideas have been posted to the Idea Vault and routed for review, including Enron Airline Services, the Enron Office Locator and the use of geostationary satellites to read meters.. We also have a success story to share.. Tony Pickett suggested that Enron compile a glossary of terms abbreviations, acronyms and industry jargon and make it available online.. The New Hire Network has stepped up to make this idea a reality.. Visit the ThinkBank today and drop an idea in the Idea Vault!. This week, we are releasing a new version of eSpeak!. From the audience perspective, the changes are very subtle.. We ve added features such as a time stamp on each posting, the ability to format responses, and we ve even put the speaker s photo inside the transcript window in case you forget who s hosting the event .. From eSpeak s perspective, we ve smoothed out some things behind the scenes.. We hope you ll take a look at the new site and let us know what you think about it.. The next eSpeak will take place on Thursday, Mar.. 29 at 10 a.m. Houston time.. Mark Koenig, executive VP of Investor Relations, will discuss Enron s investor relations function and provide a stock update.	Mark Koenig, executive VP of Investor Relations, will discuss Enron s investor relations function and provide a stock update.	Hey, check out this cool, stainless steel mug!
Please make sure someone knows how to update the PJM daily sheet while you	Ricardo,	Ricardo,	Please make sure someone knows how to update the PJM daily sheet while you are out?
Please review the following deals in tagg stage	This is correct.. Errol. Now that the tagg test environment is running, I have tested the option logic with the new NG-Exotic book.	Now that the tagg test environment is running, I have tested the option logic with the new NG-Exotic book.	Please review the following deals in tagg stage and let me know if this is correct.
Please reference the order tracking number.	Dear Mr. LARRY CAMPBELL:. Thank you for your order.. You sold 100 shares of PMCS Pmc-sierra Inc Com at 102 11/16.. ORDER DETAILS: The tracking number for this order is: B-300-AAYS-9931 Order entered at: 09:20:09 on 11/09/00 Order processing began at: 09:20:10 Order executed at: 09:20:10 on 11/09/00. You will receive a printed Datek Online confirmation by postal mail, or by electronic delivery if you are subscribed to that service.. Questions regarding this transaction?. Contact our Customer Support department by e-mailing support datek.com.	Contact our Customer Support department by e-mailing support datek.com.	Please reference the order tracking number.
Please review and lets discuss.	David, Attached is the document with the insurance mark-ups that I noted on my voice mail.	David, Attached is the document with the insurance mark-ups that I noted on my voice mail.	Please review and lets discuss.
me a call with your questions and or comments.	As discussed, please see the attached GISB Special Provisions.	As discussed, please see the attached GISB Special Provisions.	Please give me a call with your questions and or comments.
Please advise ASAP.	Ted: Lavorato wanted me to check on the 5,000,000 VAR extension.. Is it possible to get this extended indefinitely until the west basis market settles down?. We will have a good percentage of the west position rolling off over the next week as well as indices get published.	We will have a good percentage of the west position rolling off over the next week as well as indices get published.	Please advise ASAP.
Jeff, can you spend a little time thinking about the current North American			Jeff, can you spend a little time thinking about the current North American energy markets very high energy prices, stretched infrastructure, etc and determine which game changing or altering technologies, business models or existing corporate positions that will benefit from such price and volatility levels.
Can you fill in all info like the others for them including who they work for and get it back to me promtly.	For the seven names that were not on the spreadsheet.	For the seven names that were not on the spreadsheet.	Can you fill in all info like the others for them including who they work for and get it back to me promtly.
Can you maybe talk with Eric today	Hey there!. How are you feeling?. I was looking on the Northwest Airlines website for flights to China.. I am thinking that we need to act on this pretty soon in order to get a good rate.. So far I have found the flights that Cathy was talking about.. They are approx.. 795.00.. She had stated that she heard that the price was going to go up to 1,400 after the first of the month.. Anyway, what do you think we should do?	Anyway, what do you think we should do?	Can you maybe talk with Eric today or we can wait and talk to them this evening and try and figure things out!
Please call me about this message.			Please call me about this message.
Please put them on the list.	Donna, I need one laptop computer for Terry or John to use when they are out of town.	Donna, I need one laptop computer for Terry or John to use when they are out of town.	Please put them on the list.
Please send this to me ASAP.	Corry, Cara,. I am ready to start translating the VB code in the Auto-Route spreadsheet to my EnPower application.. I need to get the latest copy of your spreadsheets so I can make sure I have the latest code.	I need to get the latest copy of your spreadsheets so I can make sure I have the latest code.	Please send this to me ASAP.
Will you ask them if they want us to enter that language?	Much obliged!. How many times will I have to remind them?. Mike Driscoll added comments on both these deals - they would definitely like the special language added in the confirm letter.. Thanks, Kate. Hi Kate!. I have two deals that extent past April 2002 Deal 478879 478878 .. The traders didn t enter any comments about special CAISO language to be entered.	The traders didn t enter any comments about special CAISO language to be entered.	Will you ask them if they want us to enter that language?
Please review and advise myself and Larry Campbell as to	Lou/Ed, attached is a spreadsheet that contains environmental action items concerning the NCL FRACTIONATOR.. These items are the result of the consolidated audit performed at NCL in NOVEMBER 2000 by ETS.. As per your request, I am informing you of these action items which I think KOCH may be responsible for.	As per your request, I am informing you of these action items which I think KOCH may be responsible for.	Please review and advise myself and Larry Campbell as to how you would like to approach these issues.
Call me or write me back.	Susan, We had the best time.. Good friends, great experiences, weather , etc.. Now we all want to move to Denver.. I am glad that Bens outfit worked out so well.. I thought it was cute and I could picture him wearing it when I purchased it.. So. are you still planning the retreat weekend?. I am soooo jealous.. I would love to go but as I said I can not justify the expense.. Any consideration to something a little more modestly priced?. Do you already have the plans made?	Do you already have the plans made?	Call me or write me back.
Please contact the technician	Automatic Notification System Request : ECTH-4UMT24 Requested For: John Griffith Requested By: Ina Rangel. Your order see below has been assigned to Brent Spiller.. Technician will contact you for information and delivery time.	Technician will contact you for information and delivery time.	Please contact the technician if you have any question.
Please respond to kathleen.carnahan enron.com	Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 02/22/2001 10:26 20 AM	Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 02/22/2001 10:26 20 AM	kathleen.carnahan enron.com on 02/22/2001 10:23:42 AM Please respond to kathleen.carnahan enron.com To: kay.mann enron.com cc: 20
Please test the executable, and let us know if you encounter any problems.	Dear Errol,. Please try the latest version of Power PortCalc :. /prod/egs-home/ermt/bin/pwrcalc slr.new. Thanks,. Norman.. This is the last email for Power PortCalc release, you are on the distribution list for the next release.. Dear All,. A PortCalc Production Fix v 4.1.9.1 executable /prod/egs-home/ermt/bin/pwrcalc slr.new has been released.. This executable is based on the last Production PortCalc.. pwrcalc slr : v4.1.9 08/20/2001 .. Version 4.1.9.1 .. Changes Affecting All:. Asian Options - Fixed the issue that single-average-period Asian option did not get correct the liquidation value.. Asian Options - Fixed VATR table issue for Risk Trac.. Volatility Smile - Fixed the issue in volatility smile calculation for previous day, so that the prior day MtM matches the results from the Prior Effective Date calc.. Deals with the same desk in both Primary and Secondary counterparty will not be evaluated, and PortCalc reports are not generated for those deals.. Changes Affecting East:. Added support for Simulation Trading Portfolio - this will evaluate deals like the East portfolio.. Changes Affecting Emission:. Added support for COAL Portfolio - this will evaluate deals like the East portfolio.. This is for handling Power deals, not coal deals as the name implies.	This is for handling Power deals, not coal deals as the name implies.	Please test the executable, and let us know if you encounter any problems.
Please Read the attached letter.			Please Read the attached letter.
Please make sure you have checked the position manager and updated your night	You guys had a busy night last night and did a good job of handling El Paso and getting the reports done.. However, we were not flat this morning in Enpower long 1600 mws in NP, and short 192 in SP , and because we were not flat in California, the Enpower to Caps report was incorrect.. Variances listed as explained in the Enpower to CAPS report were not.. Your night note says however:. CAPS Position Manager: Flat for both days.	CAPS Position Manager: Flat for both days.	Please make sure you have checked the position manager and updated your night note.
Please call me on  203  464-1541 and let me know whether a conference call	Rosalee:. Please forward the following materials to Ken Lay, pursuant to his conversation with Rob Bradley yesterday.	Please forward the following materials to Ken Lay, pursuant to his conversation with Rob Bradley yesterday.	Please call me on PHONE and let me know whether a conference call with myself and Joel Bluestein is necessary for 2:30 central/3:30 eastern today.
Can you please provide me with an	Marcelo:. When we last spoke on April 3, you told me that the blacklined agreement would be sent in the next few days.	When we last spoke on April 3, you told me that the blacklined agreement would be sent in the next few days.	Can you please provide me with an update?
please print out incl text			please print out incl text
Please execute immediately and fax	Mr. Drexelius,. Per Barry Tycholiz request, attached is the letter agreement for assignment and payment for the Kern River Capacity.	Per Barry Tycholiz request, attached is the letter agreement for assignment and payment for the Kern River Capacity.	Please execute immediately and fax to my attention at PHONE .
Susan, please get your edits on	Here is the latest on timetable on Gallup.	Here is the latest on timetable on Gallup.	Susan, please get your edits on the draft to Donna and me by tomorrow.
Please print this for me in color ASAP.			Please print this for me in color ASAP.
Please confirm.	MG Ltd. is entering into FX transactions through ENA.. The companies have also entered into financial copper trades first trade 6/16/00 .. I think RMT and MG Ltd. should enter into an ISDA Master but I don t know the long term plan for MG Ltd.	I think RMT and MG Ltd. should enter into an ISDA Master but I don t know the long term plan for MG Ltd.	Please confirm.
just send one check and i will write the check for all three.			just send one check and i will write the check for all three.
Carmen--please print these up for me.  thanks.			-FileName: dfossum.nsf
Please put this on my calendar and remind me beforehand if you would.	T Jae,	T Jae,	Please put this on my calendar and remind me beforehand if you would.
Please copy me on the	Mark/Tana, Thank you, these changes should work out just fine.	Mark/Tana, Thank you, these changes should work out just fine.	Please copy me on the revised LOI.
Please call me at x54683.	Sheila/Kay-. Would either of you please give me a call at your earliest convenience.. I urgently need to write a change order for the LM6000 contract with S S/GE for some additional TDofI hours so that they don t pull the plug on me in the field or at least that s what they re threatening to do .	I urgently need to write a change order for the LM6000 contract with S S/GE for some additional TDofI hours so that they don t pull the plug on me in the field or at least that s what they re threatening to do .	Please call me at x54683.
Please call me  713-853-9990  if you would like to discuss.	My only suggestion regarding your comments on the WPG agreement would be not to change the 2nd line of 5a from your Prime Broker to the exchange .. Mike Minnich emailed you and me the following language to incorporate WPG s obligation as our nominal counterparty:. WPG is responsible for the clearance and settlement of all affirmed trades executed on the BuySideDirect trading system.. This appears reasonable to me unless you or Sara feel that this could be interpretted as excluding trades for which the other counterparty fails .. Rather than waiting until my issues regarding fees 9 and margin 14 are resolved, I suggest that you forward your comments to Mike Minnich who will provide to WPG s attorneys and note that we have requested an opportunity to discuss fees 9 and margin 14 with Mike Minnich and WPG.. We suggest deleting 9 as our understanding is that we would not incur charges from WPG.. Regarding 14, we would incorporate our Buy Side Direct trading activity into our margin account with our prime broker.. Jason, I ll provide additional feedback after I discuss these issues with WPG.	Jason, I ll provide additional feedback after I discuss these issues with WPG.	Please call me PHONE if you would like to discuss.
Please make sure that a total of 25mw s flows each hour LLH.	Please refer to Transalta Tag numbers 210W040 210W052.. This schedule was cut by the CISO coming in to Palo and is going real time per TEMU.. Please confirm with TEMU our up stream and down stream.. The cuts were as follows. HE 1 14 HE2 10 HE3 25 HE4 10 HE5,6,23 25 HE24 14	HE 1 14 HE2 10 HE3 25 HE4 10 HE5,6,23 25 HE24 14	Please make sure that a total of 25mw s flows each hour LLH.
Please call her for specific information on project Agreements.	Bart:. This is Fred.. I am working on Kathleen s computer to facilitate easy Livelink access.. It appears that an Unconditional Guarantee Agreement was executed between the City of Deerfield and DBEC, L.L.C.. prior to the execution of the Agreement Related to The Use and Development of Real Property dated June 29, 2001 .. We do not have a copy of the executed version of the Guarantee Agreement, but Greenberg Traurig should have one.. The Guarantee Agreement obligates DBEC to make a non-refundable payment on or before 9/30/01 this payment was made and a second payment of 1,000,000 subsequent to DBEC s application but prior to its receipt of the first building permit or engineering work permit for the Facility .. Kay has more detailed knowledge of this Guarantee and other Deerfield and Pompano documents through her role in the development of these projects.	Kay has more detailed knowledge of this Guarantee and other Deerfield and Pompano documents through her role in the development of these projects.	Please call her for specific information on project Agreements.
Please review and let me know if you agree with this.	Attached is the revised model with all of your transport deals from yesterday and the farwell deal.	Attached is the revised model with all of your transport deals from yesterday and the farwell deal.	Please review and let me know if you agree with this.
Gerald can you approve this from a	The Northern Border guys would like to recognize their 500,000 in earnings associated with the Kern Capacity that they syndicated in the 3rd Quarter and make it part of the Master Service Agreement between ENA and Crestone.. This is the document that they proposed.. We should recognize some additional float given the lag in the payment date.	We should recognize some additional float given the lag in the payment date.	Gerald can you approve this from a legal standpoint?
Please reply to the  address given	Dear Vince,. I would like to confirm the invitation for you to participate at our annual congress in Houston.. Following our conversation, I would be most interested in including a presentation on Modeling price volatility in US power markets in the pricing, hedging trading stream on the 14th May, 2001.. I am keen to confirm each speaker and session by the end of next week, which will then allow time to work with each presenter on titles and points that will provide an accurate summary for the session.. If you have any overall views or suggestions regarding the conference feel free to email me at pbristow riskwaters.com or call me on PHONE , extn.. 225.. I look forward to confirming your participation at Energy Power Risk Management 2001.. IMPORTANT: Due to system problems I am using another system.. Please do not reply to this email.	Please do not reply to this email.	Please reply to the address given above.
Please forward to me the executed Joint Defense Agreement so that I can	We want the letter on Doyle and New Albany ASAP.. Is there any reason we would not do the joint defense agreement.. Mark. Received this just now - will not reply until we have your thoughts.. Cle Dade had a thought about mentioning the existing New Albany - Doyle units in our reply letter as well.. We are available at your convenience to discuss the New Albany - Doyle turbine situation vis-a-vis Power Systems - Al. Message from B. Trent Webb BWEBB shb.com on Fri, 27 Oct 2000 12:25:53 -0500. Our non-infringement opinion letters on the redesigned components have been ready now for over one week.. I understood your client was anxious to receive them, so we worked very hard to complete them as quickly as we could.	I understood your client was anxious to receive them, so we worked very hard to complete them as quickly as we could.	Please forward to me the executed Joint Defense Agreement so that I can forward our non-infringement letters.
Please, put on my schedule.			Please, put on my schedule.
Please call Keith	Michael,. Thanks for the information.. We shall have the results for you by tomorrow morning.. Vince. I talked with Keith Harris, our CFO at Wessex, about the RAB multiple graph I gave you.. He expressed that the Wessex people had originated the data and that the graph was correct, to the best of their knowledge.. The only but very important correction is that they started the graph at an index of 100 , which does not imply a 100 of RAB multiple.. Rather, the initial RAB multiple was around 80 , implying that the entire line should be taken down by 20 percentile points.. Thus the all time hime in late 98 should be closer to the 1.3x RAB that I had targeted during our discussion.	Thus the all time hime in late 98 should be closer to the 1.3x RAB that I had targeted during our discussion.	Please call Keith if he has not yet contact you.
Please print the black line and put with the binder you are building.			Please print the black line and put with the binder you are building.
please complete the following information and return to me ASAP:	Please provide.. Only give my new address.. 1818 South Blvd.. Hou 77098. Mr. Lay has reqested that your names be added to his executive list for certain mailings, i.e., Christmas cards, etc.	Mr. Lay has reqested that your names be added to his executive list for certain mailings, i.e., Christmas cards, etc.	In order to achieve this, please complete the following information and return to me ASAP:
Please insert the date of the ABB Agreement  p. 1  as	Paul,. FYI.. This is the document which starts the move into the ABB facility agreements.. Kay. Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 10/23/2000 04:22 PM. Attached are clean and marked versions of the Purchase Option Assignment and Assumption Agreement.	Attached are clean and marked versions of the Purchase Option Assignment and Assumption Agreement.	Please insert the date of the ABB Agreement p. 1 as well as descriptive information of the equipment being purchased Schedule 1 .
Please read the e-mail in Lotus Notes titled  EPE MARKETING AVAILABILITY  for details.	BEWARE -. Effective today, we will be taking over BOTH - not just the standard ONE - phone lines for El Paso during off peak hours and on weekends.. This means we ll get calls that would previously have been directed to Roger and Steve s cell phones.. All calls will still ring in on the EL PASO line.	All calls will still ring in on the EL PASO line.	Please read the e-mail in Lotus Notes titled EPE MARKETING AVAILABILITY for details.
Please check schedule and respond			Please check schedule and respond
Please post the attached Corporate Structures for NNG and TW.	Toby,	Toby,	Please post the attached Corporate Structures for NNG and TW.
Please forward any recent changes to me for	Just received this on Brazil financial. Dear Sara:. Please find attached hereto i Memo prepared in connection with certain changes in the nonresident investor s regulations occurred in Brazil, and ii revised Comparative Chart related to financial investments of nonresidents in Brazil.. Should you have any questions on the above matters, please do not hesitate to contact us.. Kind regards,. Marcelo Rodrigues. Sara Shackleton Sara.Shackleton enron.com 05/04 12:08 pm. AFAC and Marcelo: I hope this message finds you both well.. I would like to finalize the matrix which was prepared last year so that we can create a baseline for future updates.. Please feel free to date the matrix as of December, 1999, if you wish.	Please feel free to date the matrix as of December, 1999, if you wish.	Please forward any recent changes to me for comment and I will respond immediately.
Please call me and let me know if my changes are correct.	Attached please find the most recent version of the LV Cogen/ABB Agreement second document below that incorporates the contractor s comments in Exhibit B-1, as well as a blackline first document below showing changes from the version I circulated on January 8, 2001.	Attached please find the most recent version of the LV Cogen/ABB Agreement second document below that incorporates the contractor s comments in Exhibit B-1, as well as a blackline first document below showing changes from the version I circulated on January 8, 2001.	Please call me and let me know if my changes are correct.
Please call me ASAP to discuss this meeting.	FYI. Ricardo:	Ricardo:	Please call me ASAP to discuss this meeting.
Can you email me the registration form?			Can you email me the registration form?
Please forward this e-mail to others who may benefit fr	REUTERS TO PROVIDE ITS CUSTOMERS WITH ENRONONLINE REAL-TIME QUOTES. Effective June 4, 2001, Reuters has launched a new EnronOnline Real-Time 20 Quotes service benefiting commodity traders and industry analysts.. 20 Subscribers to this service will be able to view bids, offers and midpoints 20 as well as high, low and closing midpoint and change from previous day 20 indications for numerous commodity products available on EnronOnline.. 20 Subscribers will be able to integrate EnronOnline Real-Time Quotes with 20 Reuters 01, news, data and analytical tools to view real-time prices and ch arts 20 as well as create option models, position reports and other analysis.. 20 Initially, the quotes will be available for power, natural gas, crude oil 20 and refined products, metals, bandwidth, coal, seafreight, emission 20 allowances and weather derivatives markets in North America and Europe.. 20. For more information, visit www.reuters.com/enrononlinequotes or call Reute rs 20 at PHONE .	For more information, visit www.reuters.com/enrononlinequotes or call Reute rs 20 at PHONE .	Please forward this e-mail to others who may benefit fr om 20 this service.
utilize this, please respond to Nicki Daw  x33497 .	get me a spot on the shuttle.. But I ll probably use a car service.. What time does this concert thing start, and can you get me all other directions, and info.. Thanks.. Jeff. I am pleased you and your spouse are able to join me at the Rodeo on Monday 19th February.. Your tickets will be delivered to your office tomorrow Thursday .. The Enron Suite is number 23.. It will be open from 5.30pm.. As there is no parking at the Astrodome, I have arranged for a shuttle bus to run from the Enron Building to the Astrodome from 6pm until 10.30pm.	As there is no parking at the Astrodome, I have arranged for a shuttle bus to run from the Enron Building to the Astrodome from 6pm until 10.30pm.	If you would like to utilize this, please respond to Nicki Daw x33497 .
Please make me unavailable for this duty.	Louise:. I anticipate Lydecker will ask for my services to assist him in the upcoming attempt to sell NEPCO.	I anticipate Lydecker will ask for my services to assist him in the upcoming attempt to sell NEPCO.	Please make me unavailable for this duty.
PLEASE SIGN ME UP TO ATTEND:			PLEASE SIGN ME UP TO ATTEND: Houston-The Westin Oaks January 20, 2000 2:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m.
Please add Eric Gonzales--LNG, and Dan Reck--Transportation within EGM....			Please add Eric Gonzales--LNG, and Dan Reck--Transportation within EGM....
Can you support me also  if possible today  with this timestamp	Hi Mark,. thanks for your support!. !. Kind Regards, Klaus. Weitergeleitet von Klaus Holtel/DEVELOP/TWT/DE am 23.05.2002 18:23. Klaus,. Time stamp information is in the DTTM column.. You will need to reformat the column to display it.. Mark. Hi Mark,. Thanks for the data, but I am missing the timestamp information in both XLS-files.	Thanks for the data, but I am missing the timestamp information in both XLS-files.	Can you support me also if possible today with this timestamp information?
Please call me, Maureen McVicker, at	Steve Kean is on vacation this week.	Steve Kean is on vacation this week.	Please call me, Maureen McVicker, at 3-1808 and I will get you on his schedule for next week.
Can you get in touch with Fab.	Check this out.	Check this out.	Can you get in touch with Fab.
call me or send an e-mail.	First, I want to thank everyone that presented for their efforts.. I thought the presentations were great and highlighted some key issues.. Second, below you will find electronic copies of each of the presentations in case you don t already have .. I will try and get the material out for our next meeting before the meeting - sorry about the mix up this time.. You should also find below a memo that highlights the discussion from yesterday.. It still appears to me that most people on the Working Group recognize the ability to begin to undertake a more rigorous Regulatory Risk analysis.. It also appears that this process is not limited to only the US.. I would really like to hear people s comments.	I would really like to hear people s comments.	Please feel free to either call me or send an e-mail.
Brenda  Please turn this into a draft in my TVA letter file.			Brenda Please turn this into a draft in my TVA letter file.
Mark and Paul, please make sure you are on the distribution list for the ar			Mark and Paul, please make sure you are on the distribution list for the ar ticles Lorna Brennan sends out.
When a draft is ready, please provide me with a copy.	Enclosed is a worksheet for Total Gas Electric.. Suzanne mentioned she would be working on the drafting of this document.	Suzanne mentioned she would be working on the drafting of this document.	When a draft is ready, please provide me with a copy.
If together, please put a note in the comment section of deal entry	I have a question about how this deal is entered.. You have it entered as every day of the week including Sundays and Holidays for the hours 7 -22.. I think that will duplicate the off peak hours you have entered for Sundays on 533134.. It is already flowing Sundays, 24 hours on 533134.. Is this in addition to those hours or is it a duplication?. Also, do you want these two confirmed on one letter or as two separate deals.	Also, do you want these two confirmed on one letter or as two separate deals.	If together, please put a note in the comment section of deal entry sp we will know to confirm both on one letter.
Therefore, please send me your comments at your earliest	Here are my comments:. Revise whereas clauses to make it an option for an easement, not a current grant of an easement.. Should we be able to enter all of Parcel 2 for due diligence, as opposed to just the easement area?. paragraph 7. Matt, I wanted you to be aware of paragraph 17.. Kay. - CHI Donald.Shindler piperrudnick.com. ledford-titan option to purchase , livingston county.DOC. Attached hereto, please find the draft Ledford-Titan Option to Purchase Real Estate and Grant of Easement for your review.. Per my emails with Rusty, we intend to messenger the execution copies to the Ledford s attorney on Monday at mid-day.	Per my emails with Rusty, we intend to messenger the execution copies to the Ledford s attorney on Monday at mid-day.	Therefore, please send me your comments at your earliest convenience.
Please approve the attached expense report and cc: me on your approval.			Please approve the attached expense report and cc: me on your approval.
Please make arrangements to have them picked up at the location listed below.	Kevin, we do not inter-office eTicket receipts.	Kevin, we do not inter-office eTicket receipts.	Please make arrangements to have them picked up at the location listed below.
Can you please make sure the link is updates.	Hello: I am not able to pull up the link for the short term outlook for natural gas.	Hello: I am not able to pull up the link for the short term outlook for natural gas.	Can you please make sure the link is updates.
Could you answer me BEFORE	Helyette,. I shall be glad to join you.. Vince. Dear Vince, I would be delighted if you agreed to share with me a one-day workshop before a major ICBI conference in Berlin,on June 19.The topics would be similar;we may add real options.	Dear Vince, I would be delighted if you agreed to share with me a one-day workshop before a major ICBI conference in Berlin,on June 19.The topics would be similar;we may add real options.	Could you answer me BEFORE Tuesday?
Please see if you can get a conference room, allowing 2 hours for the meeting.			Please see if you can get a conference room, allowing 2 hours for the meeting.
Bill or Kevin, please forward this to Bill Gang--I couldn t get my computer	I called Tino today to let him know that our affiliates are sniffing around a power plant opportunity and potential gas bypass pipeline in Albuquerque.. Kevin, you should be getting a call from a guy in Portland whose name I can t seem to find right now.. He had gotten my name from Thome out there and called to let me know that ENA is interested in pitching either PNM or some outfit called Delta on development or expansion of a gas-fired power plant in the south part of Albuquerque.. It didn t sound to me like ENA was very far along in their deal.. I explained to this guy what we were involved in and swore him to confidentiality.. I also told him he need to call either Kevin or Steve before he talked to PNM.. I thought it was a little curious that ENA is interested in generation in Alb.. all of a sudden.. On the Tino front, he apologized for not calling after their big DOE meeting.. He said it went very well and that DOE is considering their offer-- .085/Kwh power less revenue sharing for all surplus power sold.. Tino and Dennis offered DOE 70 of the from the surplus power sales until a certain target is hit probably a target equivalent to DOE s current PNM rate less 10 and then 30 of any additional .. Tino and Dennis really blew some smoke by showing the DOE guys this summer s Four Corners spot prices generally in the 200-400/mwh range and doing the math for them.. On that basis, the net delivered power cost after rebate comes pretty close to zero.. Even using a more reasonable sampling of Four Corners prices, the DOE price is apparently better than their current PNM price.. The big issue is whether DOE can figure out how to keep the rebate at Sandia, rather than lose the to treasury.. Sounds like the Dennis and Tino show is still flogging this deal pretty hard, so I reminded Tino that we are eager to do anything we can to help.	Sounds like the Dennis and Tino show is still flogging this deal pretty hard, so I reminded Tino that we are eager to do anything we can to help.	Bill or Kevin, please forward this to Bill Gang--I couldn t get my computer to recognize his name.
Please review and advise if there is any problem with you obtaining signature	If this is the same as the previous letter that you circulated, Dick Westfahl can sign for it and he indicated that he had no problems with it.. The attached is a letter agreement reflecting the resolution of certain issues with Westinhouse relating to the Gleason and Wheatland projects.. It also reflects that Enron isn t going to go after SWPC for a return of an option payment for the Blue Girl equipment.. SWPC has requested that everybody sign on the dotted line, including NEPCO, EEPC and my dog Jack.	SWPC has requested that everybody sign on the dotted line, including NEPCO, EEPC and my dog Jack.	Please review and advise if there is any problem with you obtaining signature for your respective groups.
Can you give me some	Dan, If we have a full requirements contract with no minimums can they choose not to run their plant and therefore not take any gas?. South Hampton Refining has requested this for January.	South Hampton Refining has requested this for January.	Can you give me some feedback.
Could you call me sometime this week so that we can discuss how to proceed			Derek: Could you call me sometime this week so that we can discuss how to proceed with your counterparties on the Annex A mail-out?
Hi Edith- Please read the message below.			Hi Edith- Please read the message below.
Please review these and be prepared to discuss Wednesday Morning.	Dave, I will not be on the call this week due to the RMS meeting on the 31st and 1st.. All, Below are the change controls that I have received for Wednesday s call.	All, Below are the change controls that I have received for Wednesday s call.	Please review these and be prepared to discuss Wednesday Morning.
Please sell from Portland system.	We are long at PGE system for Wednesday, 9/26/01.. HE7-13 at 46mw, HE14 at 45mw, HE15-20 at 25mw, and HE21-22 at 46mw.	HE7-13 at 46mw, HE14 at 45mw, HE15-20 at 25mw, and HE21-22 at 46mw.	Please sell from Portland system.
Please send out books to CalEnergy tonight.			James or Rishi: Please send out books to CalEnergy tonight.
Please mark your calendars:	Cooper Richey s leaving West Power Fundamentals for a challenging new post in the frozen North, and everyone s invited to the sendoff!. Join us at the Lucky Lab to say farewell, hoist a few, and learn about the latest snowshoe technology!	Join us at the Lucky Lab to say farewell, hoist a few, and learn about the latest snowshoe technology!	Please mark your calendars:
Can you see if it is o.k. to extend the deal for the rest			98-1534 is on the 215K for 3/2000 but is only good for 3/1 - 3/1 in Sitara, on deal 163005.
Please verify that this is okay.	That s all good and well buy where is my Diet Coke??. ?. This deal is starting to get confusing.... so here is the whole deal effective 3/21 to 3/31.. gulf / leach/coh 22-3. 38011/46 8979/8711/ PHONE 5/25 3657/3548/ PHONE 9/7 3159/3065/ PHONE 5/6 3686/3576/ PHONE 5/8 0/1917/1876 This piece from TCO pool.. No contracts are currently overrun.. Cindy/Kathy/Jesse - we are pulling 19481 from your p20 pool on contract 63895, which max s out the contract.. Any additional Aristech coh 22-3 sale will have to be from TCO pool.. Kara - we are delivering to coh 22-3 as follows: PHONE PHONE PHONE PHONE . John - I have 550,154 being pulled from p20 for the month.. I hope that ties to your number.. I cannot pull any additional gas from p20, because this would overrun your FTS1 contract.. The 1 dkt SIT can be made up from Enron s TCO pool.	The 1 dkt SIT can be made up from Enron s TCO pool.	Please verify that this is okay.
Please check on the purchase from AEC Marketing.			Please check on the purchase from AEC Marketing.
Please schedule an interview with Konstantin on May 8.	Shirley,	Shirley,	Please schedule an interview with Konstantin on May 8.
Please review i2 s comments on their standard NDA as revised by us.	Leslie,	Leslie,	Please review i2 s comments on their standard NDA as revised by us.
Marcus, please make sure the proper parties at	It has been pointed out that the ratifications did not have an effective date.. I have added an effective date to the last page of each, and revised copies are attached.. Please note that both ratifications require the signature of all parties.	Please note that both ratifications require the signature of all parties.	Marcus, please make sure the proper parties at Enron sign the New Power ratification.
Twanda, would you please set this up when Pat calls?	CPage: Would you please forward this directly to Pat?. Pat, For your information, Chris Tomko has resigned from GSP.. GSP has hired a consultant, Hoyt Thomas who has been working as an Enron HR consultant for a few weeks , to handle interim HR responsibilities until GSP hires a new HR person.. I suspect that you will be involved in a lot of advice/counselling in the next few weeks as this transition occurs.. If you are available on Friday, I would like to have a phone introduction of you and Hoyt.. Would you please call my assistant, Twanda Sweet, at PHONE , to let her know your availability so that she can set up a conference call?. Thanks a lot.	Thanks a lot.	Twanda, would you please set this up when Pat calls?
Call me after you have had a chance	Jenny, Please print the two crestar documents on ena stationary twice each and send to Grant Oh as requested in Barry s email.. Thank you.. Grant, for your review.. Dan, I like these documents as is.. Please raise hard copy finals and send to the Calgary Office.. To the attention of Grant Oh.. He will attach a cover sheet and issue to the customer and get signatures.. If there are any questions, give me a call.. BT. Please review the language in 87crfm.	Please review the language in 87crfm.	Call me after you have had a chance to read.
Can you send me his resume?	Anurag,. I shall talk about Vikas to our IT people.	I shall talk about Vikas to our IT people.	Can you send me his resume?
Can you email it to me.	I am on the phone with Ben and he says congratulations and Hello.. He also says he needs Marisa s address.	He also says he needs Marisa s address.	Can you email it to me.
Debra,  Please work these terms into a GTC for the Mexico deal.			Debra, Please work these terms into a GTC for the Mexico deal.
Please donate this	Lane Good 290 Larkspur Plaza Drive Larkspur, CA 94939 lane fastlanestudios.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
By copy of this memo to Brian Heinrich, could you and he figure out	Got your note.. It s a little premature to forecast now - we will have a better idea by April 15 - our timeline for completing our look at a revenue model.. Can we delay until then?. We do have a monthly fee of 16,000 that we are receiving from Bridgeline that, while small, you could include in our revenue line to date.. I am not sure why it is not showing up as income.. Probably because we have been considered a cost center to date.. I suspect that the income is simply being recorded as an offset to one of our cost centers.	I suspect that the income is simply being recorded as an offset to one of our cost centers.	By copy of this memo to Brian Heinrich, could you and he figure out where that income is and classify it appropriately so that it shows as revenue?
Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and	STEVE KEAN. Conf call: AT T lines have been reserved.. Please contact Sherri Sera 713/ PHONE or Katherine Brown 713/ PHONE for the weekly dial-in number and passcode.	Please contact Sherri Sera 713/ PHONE or Katherine Brown 713/ PHONE for the weekly dial-in number and passcode.	Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and through what medium.
Also, you can email me the	Vince:. Here is the formatted shell for Basket Options.. You already have Binary Options and you can see the color scheme from that presentation.. Let me know if you need anything else.	Let me know if you need anything else.	Also, you can email me the presentation if it needs additionaI dressing up and you do not have the time to do it.
Can you find out who I need to send it to in HR?	Normal Villareal is our HR Representative.. She is located at 3659A.. I need to have a form filled out that says I don t have health insurance coverage through Enron.	I need to have a form filled out that says I don t have health insurance coverage through Enron.	Can you find out who I need to send it to in HR?
Also, can you please make sure these customers have the ability to trade on			hey melba : here is a revised list of people that we would like to have access to our restricted products: Also, can you please make sure these customers have the ability to trade on both our restricted products - the fixed price and the index products.
Please contact Sara Shackleton about this.	Noel: I am on maternity leave.	Noel: I am on maternity leave.	Please contact Sara Shackleton about this.
Please respond to  Ken Smith			Ken Smith ken kdscommunications.com 05/22/2001 07:27 PM Please respond to Ken Smith
Please email the letter to me before Ben signs it.			Please email the letter to me before Ben signs it.
Please send an LOI regarding Broker Client to Alan Kurzer of TFS Energy LLC			Tana, Please send an LOI regarding Broker Client to Alan Kurzer of TFS Energy LLC akurzer tfsbrokers.com .
Gas Daily.   Please verify the price and let me know if we need to change the			I ve created deal 269123.
brenda please set up in mydirectory as the next TVA letter			brenda please set up in mydirectory as the next TVA letter
Call-Out List to verify the information and advise me via cc:Mail or	The Emergency Call-Out List is on the attached Excel file: EmerCallList.XLS and is being sent to all 1 s and 2 s in the escalation order.. The complete list is ten pages and includes in the following order:. Page 1-3 Enron Building Page 4-5 Three Allen Center Page 6 600 Jefferson Page 7 Enron Hanger Page 8 Navigation Warehouse Page 9 Ardmore Building Page 10 Shepherd Warehouse. Future updates will be sent around the 1st of each month.	Future updates will be sent around the 1st of each month.	Note: It is the responsibility of those individuals listed on the Emergency Call-Out List to verify the information and advise me via cc:Mail or NotesMail ONLY of any phone number or contact name changes.
Please try it again if you can.	Here it is again just in case. I think that I agree with the points and comments you folks raised in the first echange on indemnities below, but don t have the document to refer to.. Scott, please drop by and brief me on these.. Cognizant Gov t?. Never heard of the term, and itis not one of the usual defined terms.. Don t know how it s used here, suggest you decline andmake them clarify.. LOL ISSUES: 1.. I suppose that this is a NY law contract.. I do not think you can effectively limit your liability for gross negligence or wilful misconduct in NY.. Regardless of choice of law, we generally cannot get this limited or excluded in contracts with owners, either.. I think you should not accept any GE attempt to limit this by means of the cap on liability or otherwise , and should avoid muddying the water on the point by taking any to the fullest extent permitted by law clause or other such stuff as a compromise.. It will be important every time we wrap the GE equipment.. 2.. Generally, I do not think they should be able to limit their indemnity for Haz Mat, patents, etc.. 3.. They have consistently refused to clarify that the indemnity for all third party losses includes third party consequentials when Brian or whoever else over here has been the lead negotiator with GE in the past.. I would like to think that we could get it clarified now that the larger Enron is working it.	I would like to think that we could get it clarified now that the larger Enron is working it.	Please try it again if you can.
If there are, please send me a list of them so we can have someone take them over.	Could you please let me know if there are any procedures that any UBS people are still running that should be run by the estate team?	Could you please let me know if there are any procedures that any UBS people are still running that should be run by the estate team?	If there are, please send me a list of them so we can have someone take them over.
about this article, please use the assigned log number.	Please call PHONE in reference to an article found at Houston Intercontinental Airport.. Telephone inquiries are answered 24 hours a day, seven days a week.. Our normal office hours for pickup of Lost Found items are 6:30AM - 6:30PM Central Standard Time, Monday - Friday.	Our normal office hours for pickup of Lost Found items are 6:30AM - 6:30PM Central Standard Time, Monday - Friday.	When inquiring about this article, please use the assigned log number.
Please remove her from all	Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.	Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.	Please remove her from all 20 your mail lists.
alike, just send one back to me for safekeeping here.	Gerald:. I checked my computer and couldn t find any evidence of the files on my hard drive; however, I did find two diskettes that, at first glance, appear to contain the same documents, some of which look like they might be the finals.. If you ll email your street address back to my assistant, April Williams, at awilliams br-inc.com, we can have the diskettes sent to you via courier.. You can take a look at them and see if in fact they are identical and have the information you need on them.	You can take a look at them and see if in fact they are identical and have the information you need on them.	If you find them to be exactly alike, just send one back to me for safekeeping here.
Please review and let me know your thoughts.	Tom/Susan -. Attached is a first draft of the Beta Agreement for the site and modules.	Attached is a first draft of the Beta Agreement for the site and modules.	Please review and let me know your thoughts.
However, please confirm and assure that all SQMD meter data	Market Participants:. Please assure that this information is forwarded to your respective Pre-Scheduling, Real Time Dispatch and Metering Operations!!. !. The transition to Daylight Savings Time is rapidly approaching.. In preparation ISO Market Operations has provided the following Scheduling Procedure to help assure a smooth transition.. The Scheduling Procedure is the same one used in 2000.. CAISO Scheduling Procedure for Daylight Savings Time Transition. The following is a brief explanation of how SC s should prepare schedules for submission to the CAISO Scheduling Infrastructure SI system for the upcoming conversion to Daylight Savings Time commencing on 4/1/01.. When submitting preferred or revised preferred schedules for Trade Date 4/1/01, which is considered a Short day because an hour is lost, SC s should schedule all 24 hours of information with the data for HE03 being zeroed out in the template or blanked out when using the CAISO SI Web Workspace to submit schedules.. The ISO s System Applications SA do not read or write data from/to the SI database for the Short day s HE03.. Therefore, no data will be sent to settlements for this hour.. Consequently, settlements will have only 23 records for this Short day, Trade Date 4/1/01.. If you have additional Scheduling questions for this trade date, please contact Ginger Seitles, ISO Market Operations, PHONE .. CAISO Metering Procedure for Daylight Savings Time Transition. The ISO receives all Settlement Quality Meter Data SQMD in PST, year around.. Therefore, the transition to DST should require no modification to meter data submission.	Therefore, the transition to DST should require no modification to meter data submission.	However, please confirm and assure that all SQMD meter data continues to be submitted to ISO MDAS in PST.
If you could also please copy Brian and myself with that	Greg,. Here are the revised docs containing revisions requested by RBC s counsel and additional comments made internally discussed with RBC s counsel .. Also, there was some discussion regarding an Acknowledgement Agreement and it being included in the definition of Guaranteed Obligations in the guarantees.. Has that document been finalized,and if so, will it be distributed.. Clement. Guarantees:. ,. Opinions:. ,. Clement, Sara and Tana, could each of you please e-mail to Cris Sherman as soon as possible the most recent versions of the documents each of you were preparing for the prepay transaction with RBC.. I think that amendments were made yesterday to the documents to account for the bank s comments but those updated drafts were not distributed once we realized the deal wasn t going to happen for today.	I think that amendments were made yesterday to the documents to account for the bank s comments but those updated drafts were not distributed once we realized the deal wasn t going to happen for today.	If you could also please copy Brian and myself with that e-mail so each of us have the most recent versions for when we revisit the structure next week.
Please take the variances through 0009 to the desk.			Please take the variances through 0009 to the desk.
Marie, can you forward the documentation to Cheryl?	yes - ok from credit perspective.. We need to make sure the appropriate changes happen in GCP.	We need to make sure the appropriate changes happen in GCP.	Marie, can you forward the documentation to Cheryl?
Please take advantage of our fares as low as  68 round	America West Airlines Weekend Surf n Go Wednesday, December 13, 2000. This is a post-only mailing.. Please do not respond since messages will not be read.. Current Fare Sales 25 Off First Class. Purchase your First Class tickets online and receive an additional 25 off when you purchase your tickets by Sunday, December 17, 2000 and travel between Thursday, December 14, 2000 and Wednesday, January 31, 2001.. Visit http://www.americawest.com/specials/sp faresales.aspfor details.. Free Stopovers in Las Vegas. We re adding some excitement for our cross-country travelers - a free stopover in Las Vegas.. When you connect through Las Vegas we will waive our normal 60 stopover fee.. To book your reservation user our Complex Itinerary feature or call 800-2FLY-AWA.. Please see http://www.americawest.com/specials/sp faresales.aspterms and conditions for complete details.. Weekly americawest.com Specials. Every Tuesday, americawest.com offers a new list of special low fares to exciting destinations.	Every Tuesday, americawest.com offers a new list of special low fares to exciting destinations.	Please take advantage of our fares as low as 68 round trip.
Please add your outstanding guaranties to Susan s memo - thanks			Please add your outstanding guaranties to Susan s memo - thanks
Please give me a call when you have a chance.			Please give me a call when you have a chance.
Please help me.	Something to get you ALL riled up!!. And you talk about LSU fans being bad- Kill him !!. !. Forwarded by Shanna Husser/HOU/EES on 11/30/2000 10:35 AM. Conduct of Texas Fans at Friday s Football Game Dismays Former Student. November 28, 2000. Dear Battalion and Daily Texan:	Dear Battalion and Daily Texan:	Please help me.
Please print this and attachment.			Please print this and attachment.
When you have an opportunity, please forward a copy of your presentation to	Greetings:	Greetings:	When you have an opportunity, please forward a copy of your presentation to me at David.P.Dupre enron.com at the GARP conference in January.
Jeff-please send all future	Andy-- send those materials I gave you to Lisa.	Andy-- send those materials I gave you to Lisa.	Jeff-please send all future pleading to her as well.
questions regarding the credit, give me a call at x6-6002.	Hello Ladies,. Attached below is the Credit worksheet for Bayer Corporation.. This is another counterparty that Caroline Abramo would like to set up for financial trading, please contact her regarding contact information.	This is another counterparty that Caroline Abramo would like to set up for financial trading, please contact her regarding contact information.	If there are any questions regarding the credit, give me a call at x6-6002.
Please separate out the scope items that need to be included in the Change	Renee-. I understand your need to incorporate the actual changes into the change order itself as opposed to an attachment.. After reading GE s Jeff Darst s document, I can t easily extract from it what you need.. I need to write something from scratch.. Instead of trading several emails with yourself and Jeff Darst, it would be more efficient for me to give Jeff a call myself to come up with something acceptable to the both of us which also meets your requirements below.. I m thinking that the actual scope items should be in your change order and GE s requirements/recommendations for the future modifications can be attached -- Much the same way their standard specs are attached to a purchase contract.. I m in Austin today and tomorrow Thursday and will be back in the office on Friday.. If you can t wait, or need to talk to me before that, give me a call on my cell phone PHONE .. Hope this helps.. Eric. Eric,. I need to incorporate the essential parts of what Jeff Darst refers to as Attachment 2 below 91209 14 Jul 2000 Chiller Provisions.doc into the Change Order, not as an attachment.. This Attachment contains specifications as to what they are providing as well as stipulations as to how we are to install the inlet chillers.. I need to know which are the specifications as to what they are providing and how the scope is being changed.. I m not concerned with their recommendations of how we are to install the inlet chillers since that is our scope and our liability/warranty.	I m not concerned with their recommendations of how we are to install the inlet chillers since that is our scope and our liability/warranty.	Please separate out the scope items that need to be included in the Change Order and provide me with the wording so that I may get another draft of this Change Order out for review.
Please respond no later than 10am, Wednesday, October 23.	The product long description below will fall under the new product types:. US PlasticHDPE Fin Swap Credit Tom Moran/Wendi Lebrocq have approved copying the profiles for the new product type from the following:. US Plastic LLDPE Fin Swap.	US Plastic LLDPE Fin Swap.	Please respond no later than 10am, Wednesday, October 23.
zipped or deleted please do so.	All -. O:ERMS is virtually out of diskspace.	O:ERMS is virtually out of diskspace.	If you have any large files that can be zipped or deleted please do so.
review the attached draft and provide me with your comments.	Pls.	Pls.	review the attached draft and provide me with your comments.
Please include the following text in your reply.	Changes to eBay User Agreement Privacy Policy. This administrative email was sent to john.griffith enron.com based on your account at eBay.. Official Notice of Revision to the eBay User Agreement and Privacy Policy. We are committed to improving your experience at eBay.. We have modified the User Agreement and Privacy Policy based on suggestions from our users and to accommodate future site improvements.. The User Agreement describes your rights and responsibilities while bidding and selling at eBay while the Privacy Policy describes the information we collect about you and what may happen to that information.. To learn more about what was changed in the User Agreement, please go to http://pages.ebay.com/help/basics/uarevision1-faq.html 4.. To see the revised User Agreement, please go to http://pages.ebay.com/help/community/png-user.html.. For additional information, please visit the User Agreement FAQ which is available at: http://pages.ebay.com/help/basics/f-agreement.html.. To learn more about what was changed in the Privacy Policy, please go to http://pages.ebay.com/help/basics/pprevision1-faq.html 4.. To see the revised Privacy Policy please go to http://pages.ebay.com/help/community/png-priv.html.. This agreement is effective on May 21st, 2001 for new registering users, and is otherwise effective on May 15th, 2001 for all users registered prior to May 21st, 2001.. As outlined in our User Agreement, eBay will periodically send you information about site changes enhancements.. If you would like to review your notification preferences for other types of communications, please visit http://pages.ebay.com/services/myebay/optin-login.html.. Note that it may take up to 5 days to process your request.. Visit our Privacy Policy at http://pages.ebay.com/help/community/png-priv.html and User Agreement at http://pages.ebay.com/help/community/png-user.html if you have any questions.. Copyright , PHONE eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved.. Designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners.	Designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners.	Please include the following text in your reply.
PLEASE FORWARD TO THE PERSON IN CHARGE OF YOUR OUTAGE CO-ORDINATION			PLEASE FORWARD TO THE PERSON IN CHARGE OF YOUR OUTAGE CO-ORDINATION
Please, send me the forms.	Vincent,. Sorry for a delay in responding to your message.. I shall be very glad to write a letter of recommendation.	I shall be very glad to write a letter of recommendation.	Please, send me the forms.
Ginger:  would you please distribute the following memo to the Government			Ginger: would you please distribute the following memo to the Government Affairs group.
Could you please forward my  P  number.			Could you please forward my P number.
Please confirm your attendance	FYI. Dear Members of the Board:. The dinner for the Board of Directors will take place on January 26, 2000, at 6:45pm following the Board Meeting at the restaurant listed below:. Quaglino s 16 Bury Street London SW1Y 6AL Phone: PHONE . Quaglino s comes highly recommended by our resident restaurant critics so the evening promises to be an enjoyable one.	Quaglino s comes highly recommended by our resident restaurant critics so the evening promises to be an enjoyable one.	Please confirm your attendance by return e-mail if you have not already done so.
Twanda, please prepare a consulting agreement.			Twanda, please prepare a consulting agreement.
Could you send me copies of the Excel reports you want us to modify.			Could you send me copies of the Excel reports you want us to modify.
Please send this to me this afternoon by 4:30.	EOG interconnect is finishing this week and will be in service by this weekend.. It will initially flow 8-10000/day and will increase to over 15000.. I m preparing a cheat sheet for Steve for a presentation he is making tomorrow.. There is a slide about our new or proposed supply interconnects.. Please send me an email with the capacity/volume and projected in-service or if it s already in-service for your project.. If I have the wrong people, please let me know.	If I have the wrong people, please let me know.	Please send this to me this afternoon by 4:30.
Please make your donation this week and thank you	Last week you received the email announcing Enron s executive solicitation.. 20 The process for donating is very easy by simply clicking on the United Way 20 link.. I did it myself!	I did it myself!	Please make your donation this week and thank you to 20 those that have already pledged.
John please send this to Shelly			John please send this to Shelly Thanks Lynn
When you need an NDA, please email me the following			Below is an email Dovie sent out a while back referencing the procedures for sending out NDA s. When you need an NDA, please email me the following information.
Could you kindly please offer me some real weather data information about	Mulong,. We shall send you natural gas Henry Hub prices right away.. Please look at the last winter and the winter of 95/96.. We shall prepare for you the electricity price information Cinergy, Cobb and Palo Verde but you have to approach FT the publishers of Megawatts Daily, a newsletter that produces the price index we recommend using and request the permision to use the data.. We are not allowed to distribute this information.. Please, explain that this is for academic research and that we can produce the time series for you, conditional on the permission from the publishers of Megawatts Daily.. Vince Kaminski. Dear Dr. Kaminski:. I am a PhD Candidate under the supervision of Drs.. Richard MacMinn and Patrick Brockett.. I am now working on my dissertation which is focused on the weather derivatives and credit derivatives.	I am now working on my dissertation which is focused on the weather derivatives and credit derivatives.	Could you kindly please offer me some real weather data information about the price peak or plummet because of the weather conditions?
give Anne or me a call at the toll free number below or email us.	Hi Larry,. We are sending this quick note to our diamond customers who are still shopping to let you know that the holiday rush has begun.. If you are hoping to present your special gift before Christmas, be aware that while we can get diamonds in quickly the calendar is getting short for getting a custom mounting made.. In another week it will become difficult to get diamonds quickly set in mounting.. What normally takes 2-3 days suddenly turns into a week long process as the setters are buried with ring sizing, diamond setting and other jewelry preparation for the big gift giving days.. If you are planning on presenting your gift after Christmas, you ll have plenty of time but the supply of diamonds is as good now as it will be until early February.. Unlike cars, TV sets and computers that come down in price when the snow falls or following Christmas, we have yet to see diamond prices fall.. They tend to keep going up year after year which is good if you own them, but a challenge if you are waiting to buy.	They tend to keep going up year after year which is good if you own them, but a challenge if you are waiting to buy.	If you have any questions about diamonds or the diamond buying process please give Anne or me a call at the toll free number below or email us.
Subject to resolving point  1, please e-mail to me the	Adele and Maria: Here are my final comments:. 1.. In the ISDA Schedule, Part 4, Section f iii , we cannot accept a 30 day waiting period.. Why can t the Guaranty be furnished when the Reorg becomes effective?. 2.. In each Guaranty, there is an extra zero in the cap amount.. 3.. In the PSE G Guaranty, the Counterparty notice section should be just like what is in the Master for primary notices and copies.. 4.. In the LC, in the new language on the second page, change Uniform Customs to UCP.. That s all I have.	That s all I have.	Subject to resolving point 1, please e-mail to me the Enron Guaranty and please coordinate with Susan Flynn on getting final versions executed and obtaining other closing items.
Please prepare a draft and send to:	Debra, Here is the new contract.. Please forward by mail and email as requested below.. Dan. of Water Power. Debra and Dan -. Last worksheet from me for a while.	Last worksheet from me for a while.	Please prepare a draft and send to:
Please read note below and let me know if we need to talk to anyone on our	Hey Ami, Did Devon ever give us an answer on this?. THANKS!. Hey Ami, We have a little issue on Transco regarding Devon production.. Does your contact Devon know if we are responsible for scheduling PVR for them.	Does your contact Devon know if we are responsible for scheduling PVR for them.	Please read note below and let me know if we need to talk to anyone on our side.
Could you please respond for me.			Could you please respond for me.
Please forward this information to the time-keeper in order that her time off	Hi Mark,	Hi Mark,	Please forward this information to the time-keeper in order that her time off will be coded correctly.
Please, take a look at the resume of Howard Haughton.	Bryan	Bryan	Please, take a look at the resume of Howard Haughton.
kate, can you pls check on these fees when you get a chance.			kate, can you pls check on these fees when you get a chance.
then please send it back as final and we ll get it signed.	John, I have sent you back our suggested changes to the NDA.	John, I have sent you back our suggested changes to the NDA.	If you agree, then please send it back as final and we ll get it signed.
please contact her by email: bpham enron.com or call her at 713-345-7094 to	Check in with security and they will have all your names listed.. 5C2 is just off the elevator on the 5th floor.. At this meeting you ll be able to pick up your newly designed for 2000 Enron jersey.. Becky Pham is in charge of the jerseys.	Becky Pham is in charge of the jerseys.	If you can t be there, please contact her by email: bpham enron.com or call her at PHONE to reserve your size.
Please add Lisa Bills, Chris Herron and Mitch Robinson.			Please add Lisa Bills, Chris Herron and Mitch Robinson.
Please add Wendi LeBrocq to the distribution.	Tana	Tana	Please add Wendi LeBrocq to the distribution.
Could you call me today before 11.30p.m	This is great news for me and even more so for ICBI or the other way around.. .	This is great news for me and even more so for ICBI or the other way around.. .	Could you call me today before 11.30p.m Paris time or to-morrow between 3 and 5.30 p.m Paris time?I think I do not have the right numbers for you any more Helyette
Plz, send one also to Liz and Greg.	Shirley,. Impressive.	Impressive.	Plz, send one also to Liz and Greg.
Can you help him.	Osman,	Osman,	Can you help him.
Please verify...Maybe they are 377254 or 377264 or	Kathy/Scott,. I don t know exactly what Chris wanted but here s my stab at it and remember my limited mental abilities are making a bunch of assumptions...... Deal 459233 is the exchange offset to 459214 and should probably be zerod out.. 459193 is the exchange offset to 459175 and should probably be zerod out as well.. Scott, 459188 and 459231 seem to be the New Power buys needed.. I don t know which are the New Power sales needed to hook up with transport to capture transportation costs.	I don t know which are the New Power sales needed to hook up with transport to capture transportation costs.	Please verify...Maybe they are 377254 or 377264 or 377268 or 454060.....
Please remove my name from your written correspondence/phone call contact	Ms. Conners:. Thank you for your recent letter regarding my personal financial situation.. I do appreciate your concern and interest; however, I have a very qualified financial advisor who handles ALL of my personal financial needs.	I do appreciate your concern and interest; however, I have a very qualified financial advisor who handles ALL of my personal financial needs.	Please remove my name from your written correspondence/phone call contact list.
if a different deal and if the same deal, please conform.	Here are my comments after reviewing the below change order: i the cover page refers to an enron 2-99 deal which does not correspond to the cover page of the executed turbine purchase contract with GE.	Here are my comments after reviewing the below change order: i the cover page refers to an enron 2-99 deal which does not correspond to the cover page of the executed turbine purchase contract with GE.	To what does this refer if a different deal and if the same deal, please conform.
Could you please email it to me?	I m looking at it right now.	I m looking at it right now.	Could you please email it to me?
Kevin, take a look at Ken s email to Max and see if there is something you can do in Unify to push this deal through please.			Kevin, take a look at Ken s email to Max and see if there is something you can do in Unify to push this deal through please.
Please proceed.			Please proceed.
Pls see email from IBJ with my comments in red.			Pls see email from IBJ with my comments in red.
Please reply to this message with either a corresponding  1  or a  2  in the subject field.	We are in the process of confirming that all traders are set up correctly and ready to trade when the system goes live.. We need to make sure that your Stack Managers are accessing the correct database.. In order to do this, we need to know how you access Stack Manager:. 1 Through Terminal Server the one that opens up a desktop within a desktop and it actually appears that you have two Start buttons .. or 2 By opening the Stack Manager directly from your native desktop.	or 2 By opening the Stack Manager directly from your native desktop.	Please reply to this message with either a corresponding 1 or a 2 in the subject field.
let s try to set-up a call with Geof on Wednesday or Thursday.			let s try to set-up a call with Geof on Wednesday or Thursday.
By copy to Jeff, please provide tax comments on ABN on Monday.	Bank One Line is closing today, with give up agreement to be finalized early next week.. If there is any particular file processing for credit lines applicable to this group, please advise.. Otherwise, I will have file with originals set up and provided to Kay Young for central file room.. ABN further comments are due Monday and phone conference indicates very few issues.. Should close next week.	Should close next week.	By copy to Jeff, please provide tax comments on ABN on Monday.
Please send back when complete.	Here is the latest contact list.	Here is the latest contact list.	Please send back when complete.
Give me a call with any	I have hard coded all volmes, prices and revenues related to merchant sales.. A blend of Hennwood and our desk curves were used to price the merchant or excess sales.. I am also using a 9 discount rate which is what FPL had in the model they sent over to us.. We may want to take this out entirely and let them do their own.. Be prepared the model that I had to work with was 14 Mbs and a big mess.. I have cut it down to around 4 Mbs but the cash flow sheet is confusing at best.. It is manageable and should be sufficient.	It is manageable and should be sufficient.	Give me a call with any questions.
Please add Deepa Mallik to the list, as well, as she is interested in a	Vince:	Vince:	Please add Deepa Mallik to the list, as well, as she is interested in a summer internship with Enron.
Please, contact Rudi Zipter to set up an interview with him and David Port.	Glenn,	Glenn,	Please, contact Rudi Zipter to set up an interview with him and David Port.
Please access the following number   1:00 PM  CDT  to discuss your RCR.	Sue Jeff,	Sue Jeff,	You two were the only individuals who submitted RCR s. Please access the following number 1:00 PM CDT to discuss your RCR.
Send me the pictures when you get a	Hey, Byron.. We may be interested in your sofa.	We may be interested in your sofa.	Send me the pictures when you get a chance.
Please call to discuss cash award.	Bob,. Regarding Patti Sullivan s contributions to the west desk this year, her efforts deserve recognition and a PBR award.. Patti stepped up to fill the gap left by Randy Gay s personal leave.. Patti held together the scheduling group for about 2 month s by working 7days a week during this time.. Patti was always the first one in the office during this time.. Frequently, she would be at work before 4 AM to prepare the daily operation package.. All the traders came to depend on the information Patti provided.. This information has been extremely critical this year due to the pipeline explosion and size of the west desk positions.	This information has been extremely critical this year due to the pipeline explosion and size of the west desk positions.	Please call to discuss cash award.
Please, register me for Friday.	Shirley,	Shirley,	Please, register me for Friday.
Gary give me a call before you call Gavin.	As discussed.	As discussed.	Gary give me a call before you call Gavin.
Please do these ASAP.	Below are the names of employees for whom we have not yet received Mid-Year 2001 Performance Evaluations from you.	Below are the names of employees for whom we have not yet received Mid-Year 2001 Performance Evaluations from you.	Please do these ASAP.
Please send the below as opposed to the	On second thought, please forward this, along with the gas volume info., to the appropriate parties at Cinergy.	On second thought, please forward this, along with the gas volume info., to the appropriate parties at Cinergy.	Please send the below as opposed to the previous version.
Can you add the physical products to the Legal tab so I don t have to copy			Can you add the physical products to the Legal tab so I don t have to copy them every day.
Could you take a stab at question 4 for us.			Fred: Could you take a stab at question 4 for us.
Also please grant access   passwords to enable the above traders to execute	Jeff/Brenda,. Please authorize and forward to Tara Sweitzer.. Please set up the following with the ability to setup and manage products in stack manager:. Steve South Tory Kuykendall Janie Tholt Frank Ermis Matt Lenhart Note: The type of product these traders will be managing is less than 1 month physical in the west.	Steve South Tory Kuykendall Janie Tholt Frank Ermis Matt Lenhart Note: The type of product these traders will be managing is less than 1 month physical in the west.	Also please grant access passwords to enable the above traders to execute book to book trades on EOL.
Can you remove me from the list?	Pete,. Hi how are you?	Hi how are you?	Can you remove me from the list?
Gary, please send the list to Steve directly - thanks.	Steve - see attached list of ripple claimants - there could be more - I will try to get a complete list by Tuesday.. Also, Gary Fergus is compiling a list of entities that sold to Enron and the ripple refund amounts.	Also, Gary Fergus is compiling a list of entities that sold to Enron and the ripple refund amounts.	Gary, please send the list to Steve directly - thanks.
Please print the necessary originals, have me initial and forward for signature to the proper Enron Credit officer.	Stephanie -. Based upon the below message, I have made the necessary update to the agreement and have attached the final version the file for which can be found in Tana s O drive .	Based upon the below message, I have made the necessary update to the agreement and have attached the final version the file for which can be found in Tana s O drive .	Please print the necessary originals, have me initial and forward for signature to the proper Enron Credit officer.
Please set up a meeting w/ Risk to discuss the concept of NYMEX equivalent basis contracts.	Joe, the EES book data is getting closer to what we need but not there yet.. Please discuss w/ EES Risk Scott Mills?. : 1 The Price NG positions are expressed in PV d quantity.. We need this data in nominal form in order to place the appropriate number of contract hedges through our NYMEX broker.. 2 We need the NYMEX equivalent positions for basis so we can place NYMEX hedges as proxy for basis.. Maria has a call into Pat Ryder to determine whether the ENA Price positions are PV d or nominal.. We may need those adjusted as well.	We may need those adjusted as well.	Please set up a meeting w/ Risk to discuss the concept of NYMEX equivalent basis contracts.
Alan would you unzip for me?	Although I haven t seen this yet, I agree, this sounds like something we want to support.	Although I haven t seen this yet, I agree, this sounds like something we want to support.	Alan would you unzip for me?
Please forward this message to Naved Ahmed.	That looks right to me.. Dari. Please ensure that I have done this as expected and offer your approval, then I ll send for loading.. Per Steve Kirk and Drew Fossum please add the following in the Other section of the TFX Agreement:. Shipper agrees that if it utilizes Northern s capacity release program to release, on either a temporary or permanent basis, any capacity subject to the discount contained herein at a rate greater than the discounted rate, Shipper shall receive a demand charge credit only for the amount of the discounted rate agreed to herein.	Shipper agrees that if it utilizes Northern s capacity release program to release, on either a temporary or permanent basis, any capacity subject to the discount contained herein at a rate greater than the discounted rate, Shipper shall receive a demand charge credit only for the amount of the discounted rate agreed to herein.	Please forward this message to Naved Ahmed.
Please respond soon,	Dear Leaf and Mark,. I m researching a purchase deal for 25 MW 15 probably ancillary charges on 11-30-00 for HE 24.. The counterparty is showing this deal, but we are not.. I have found deal 469836 routed to El Paso deal 469839, but the criteria do not match completely.. I didn t find notes in either of your trade logs.. Is there possibly a deal out there at HE 24 for exactly 25 MW 15.00?	Is there possibly a deal out there at HE 24 for exactly 25 MW 15.00?	Please respond soon,
Could you cancel my PAC plan after the September contribution.	Brad	Brad	Could you cancel my PAC plan after the September contribution.
Christi - could you work with Phillip	I am working on this with Jeff Hodge, Becky Cantrell, and B P.. Bill Howard from FERC just called me.. The Chairman of FERC is asking for the following information by the end of the day today:. How much gas did we buy today by basin either: as of the beginning of the day or as of midnight?. How much of the gas went into California?. What was the average price or the high and low price?. I asked him to if FERC wa asking other market participants.. He said more and more every day and they would continue this until prices started going down.. I asked him if the Commission intended to keep this information confidential.. He said he didn t know.	He said he didn t know.	Christi - could you work with Phillip on this?
When the document is signed, please fax the signature pages to me at  713  646-3490.	Paul, Matt and Edmund:. Attached is a copy of the Master Netting Agreement among BNP Paribas and Enron North America Corp., et al.. It is imperative that this master netting agreement be executed as soon as possible tomorrow morning 11/27 , so I am asking your assistance in getting this document signed.. The UK entities to sign are EEFT, Enron Capital Trade Resources Limited, Enron Credit Limited and Enron Metals Limited.. Please leave the signature pages as set forth on the attached document, as Enron Metals may be deleted from the agreement.. At this point, we aren t sure, so we will have it sign on a separate page and then if they are not a party to the agreement, we will omit their signature page.. Please take whatever steps are necessary to have the attached document signed ASAP.. Harlan Murphy 713/ PHONE is the lawyer here in Houston who prepared the document.. Please contact either Harlan, Mary Cook 713/ PHONE , Elizabeth Sager 713/ PHONE or Carol St. Clair 713/ PHONE if you have any questions.. Bill Bradford is the Credit contact and his number is PHONE .	Bill Bradford is the Credit contact and his number is PHONE .	When the document is signed, please fax the signature pages to me at PHONE .
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Calvin Reames 14504 Ascot Square Court Boyds, MD 20841 ereames capu.net. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Could you email me the MOU we are terminating?	Hi Brian,	Hi Brian,	Could you email me the MOU we are terminating?
Call me when you have a minute and let me know if you want to be involved.	Hey Chris,. I don t know what these gelber guys have in mind but I thought You might be interested.. I have been working on an ISDA for about 3 weeks.. what do you think they want to do with power?	what do you think they want to do with power?	Call me when you have a minute and let me know if you want to be involved.
Would you once again please verify what we paid Iroq on	According to Ed Santa with Iroq, we paid the disputed parking for June 1999 activity and we did not pay 860.00 of expnese in May 1998.. I not concerned about the June 1998.	I not concerned about the June 1998.	Would you once again please verify what we paid Iroq on the disputed parking fee from May 1999 through July 1999?
Also please add	Gary, Listed below are the goals that i sent in for your financial trading group.. 20 please review and make changes on this email as you wish.	20 please review and make changes on this email as you wish.	Also please add 20 details to each dot point that would make it measurable and successful for 20 2001.
Please get a copy of this new  Final  to Ken Lay.	Lora:. This is the new Final version.. The difference from the earlier version is - a few slides were taken out and the order of the remaining slides were rearranged.	The difference from the earlier version is - a few slides were taken out and the order of the remaining slides were rearranged.	Please get a copy of this new Final to Ken Lay.
Please print for me.			Please print for me.
pls print--I m sending you several docs on ECS--please give me in one stack.			pls print--I m sending you several docs on ECS--please give me in one stack.
verification is required please request a hard-copy version.	...OLE Obj.... 1st Monthly Happy Hour. The State Bar Lounge Downtown Houston 909 Travis between Texas and Prairie. Thursday, May 10 5pm - 8 pm. So come down, bring a colleague and join us for Complimentary Food and Drink!. !. CONFIDENTIAL: This e-mail, including its contents and attachments, if any, are confidential.. If you are not the named recipient please notify the sender and immediately delete it.. You may not disseminate, distribute, or forward this e-mail message or disclose its contents to anybody else.. Copyright and any other intellectual property rights in its contents are the sole property of Tradespark.. E-mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error-free.. The sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message which arise as a result of e-mail transmission.	The sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message which arise as a result of e-mail transmission.	If verification is required please request a hard-copy version.
Per Leslie s email please open FPC for all US power ASAP.			Per Leslie s email please open FPC for all US power ASAP.
Please review and forward to FERC.	Attached is the Data Request 29.	Attached is the Data Request 29.	Please review and forward to FERC.
Please respond to  andy kalotay.com			Andrew Kalotay andy kalotay.com on 09/11/2000 01:27:39 PM Please respond to andy kalotay.com To: Vincent Kaminski vkamins enron.com cc: Subject: More hedge effectiveness testing
Can you help get me in?	Louise,. It would be a good commercial for Enron.. What can we do to help him and get free publicity?. Vince. Dear Vince,. Greetings from Boston, where we re doing all we can to help keep the price of gas high.. As I may have told you earlier, I m writing a Guide to Electricity Hedging for Risk Publications similar to the report on Oil.. I had planned to write a significant section on Enrononline, and in the midst of my research on the topic was denied access by Enron s gatekeeper.	I had planned to write a significant section on Enrononline, and in the midst of my research on the topic was denied access by Enron s gatekeeper.	Can you help get me in?
Please bring me in as necessary and keep me informed of	Thane -- Would you speak with John Forney agian and then try to reach Ken S aathof to reconfirm that OOMC is essentially a be ready instruction, rath er than a be running instruction?. John Forney said that John Adams will today seek guidance from his boss on this matter, and it would be good if K en Saathof could confirm this back to Adams.. We are seeking to get this quickly resolved so that ERCOT will direct an OOME dispatch, electronicall y, or if need be, by an ERCOT dispatcher s phone call before Frontera has to run its plant.	We are seeking to get this quickly resolved so that ERCOT will direct an OOME dispatch, electronicall y, or if need be, by an ERCOT dispatcher s phone call before Frontera has to run its plant.	Please bring me in as necessary and keep me informed of progress.
Please substitute the following attached spreadsheet, and I apologize for the inconvenience.	RRG folks: Sorry for this, but I attached the wrong spreadsheet to the prior e-mail below .	RRG folks: Sorry for this, but I attached the wrong spreadsheet to the prior e-mail below .	Please substitute the following attached spreadsheet, and I apologize for the inconvenience.
there is more to it, can you help me with the derivation?	Jeff:. Can I get the non-technical explanation of AB18x.. Is the intent to parse the customers into large and small demand types, subjecting the large demand cucstomers to floating market rates and somehow protecting the smaller core customers with the shield of the retained generation assets?	Is the intent to parse the customers into large and small demand types, subjecting the large demand cucstomers to floating market rates and somehow protecting the smaller core customers with the shield of the retained generation assets?	I am sure there is more to it, can you help me with the derivation?
Please  read it.	Jeff, 20 I am Dr. Mona Yousry.. You don t know me.. I earned my PH.D. in Mathematic s in 1982 and have served in the Telecommunications industry for 19 years.. I was recruited by Bell Laboratories, AT T, Ameritech, and Sempra Energy .. 20 20 I have always been impressed by Enron s performance and business strategie s. I believe you were instrumental in what Enron is all about today.. 20 20 I read an article about you and your zealous interest in Africa.. You need to meet Larry Robinson.. The following is in his words.	The following is in his words.	Please read it.
Could you please re-map HPL meter  0073 to the IF-HPL/Shpchan mid market	Imelda,	Imelda,	Could you please re-map HPL meter 0073 to the IF-HPL/Shpchan mid market curve.
drop buy every couple of days and pick up my newspaper and mail and put them	You didn t hit your face on the pavement at any point in the evening did you?. In case you didn t know, Barbara and I are going to China with Eric.. I will be leaving June 4 and returning June 16.	I will be leaving June 4 and returning June 16.	Any chance I could get you to drop buy every couple of days and pick up my newspaper and mail and put them inside?
Please call me.			Please call me.
please block off on my calendar			please block off on my calendar
Can you please ask her if we need to send revised	No.. It looks like these are all the deals Christian Yoder and our other lawyers are working on.. Christian is writing up confirms for these, and actually has a few of them done.. He said he d be contacting Sharen Cason and faxing her copies of the finished letters very soon.. Please let me know if you need me to add comments to these deals to make it more clear.. I m going to talk further with Christian and Val Sabo on my end to better understand what the DEAL is with these deals, because they ve been plaguing me all day.. I ll keep you posted on the progress of this, but in the meantime you don t have to send revised confirms.. Thanks, Kate. HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!. Hope you had a great holiday!. These EES deals were all changed by Carla so they re all in Pending -Revised... status in the system.. It looks like Carla made some changes, but then changed it back.	It looks like Carla made some changes, but then changed it back.	Can you please ask her if we need to send revised confirms on any of these deals.
Will you please review the attached and edit, comment or approve	Ken and Jeff:. As you know, last year Enron produced its first ever EHS annual report with some mentions of our new Corporate Responsibility program.. We are producing this year s version, which is expanded both in the environmental reporting as well as our human rights and social initiatives covered.. Mike Terraso and I would like to include an opening letter by the two of you last year Ken signed it .	Mike Terraso and I would like to include an opening letter by the two of you last year Ken signed it .	Will you please review the attached and edit, comment or approve by next week?
tomorrow, please call me at 713-305-1502 so that we can discuss, because	Sue,. I am sending you this e-mail because I received your voice message well after you left it today.. I reviewed the text files that are sent out by the book administrators on my desks and none of them contain any deals booked to the counterparty El Paso Gas Marketing.. All of the deals from people on my desk are booked to the valid El Paso counterparty per our conversations.. I will be out of the office tomorrow, but I will be checking my voicemail frequently and communicating with my group.	I will be out of the office tomorrow, but I will be checking my voicemail frequently and communicating with my group.	If the same problem arises tomorrow, please call me at PHONE so that we can discuss, because there has to be some other explanation for the erroneous counterparty showing up on your report.
Can you please forward me the  Buyback/Deficiency   Deals  for March  2000.			Can you please forward me the Buyback/Deficiency Deals for March 2000.
trying to complete my reports for April and May. Please fax or email the			I have not received the completed mission sheet for this mission.
Seating will be limited, so please reserve your seat as soon as possible via	Join Enron Federal Credit Union and The Foundation for Financial Literacy, for our last Financial Wellness Workshop for this year: Living too Long, Dying too Soon, Disability or Impairment: Estate Plans Tuesday, October 24 11:30 a.m. - 12:30 p.m. Doubletree - Allen Center LaSalle A Room Cookies and soft drinks will be served.. Please feel free to bring your lunch.	Please feel free to bring your lunch.	Seating will be limited, so please reserve your seat as soon as possible via E-Mail to jennifer.wilson enron.com.
pls set up an hour on this sometime tomorrow am if possible.			pls set up an hour on this sometime tomorrow am if possible.
please, call Shirley  3-5290  to set up a meeting.	Jeannie,. No problem.	No problem.	please, call Shirley 3-5290 to set up a meeting.
Please attend a meeting today at 2:00 in EB3109 to discuss the results of the			Please attend a meeting today at 2:00 in EB3109 to discuss the results of the ENSR Phase II Environmental Assessment of the Lumberton and Elizabethtown properties.
All you monkeys can give me a KC check at the party.	PHONE . Original Message. Brian and Chad both indicated that they believed they were available and interested in attending, yet holding back on commiting until they checked with their bosses.. Men please confirm this issue to Joe directally.. Chet is going to some unknown dallas wedding, right?. Joe, do you want to invite feder?. need to send him a email.	need to send him a email.	All you monkeys can give me a KC check at the party.
e.  Please work with system to make the distribution happen.			The following is a message I would like to send out tomorrow to all NPNG an d NBP Services employees, and ETS Finance and Accounting Directors and abov e. Please work with system to make the distribution happen.
Jason:  please hold off on hedge funds for the moment.			Jason: please hold off on hedge funds for the moment.
Also, please check with K Young to see what is in place.	I think in this case specific is better.	I think in this case specific is better.	Also, please check with K Young to see what is in place.
Robert, please update the production tickets	For APRIL 1, The Choice sale to CES is deal 227081.. The Baseload RETAIL sale to CES deal is 227113.. I created new tickets because the ones we are using are HUGE!!!!. and they are very slow and use a tremendous amount of memory that slows everything down.. I also rolled the volumes from March into April.. Joann please update when CES informs you of the numbers THANKS , LET ME KNOW IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS !!!. !. To split up the tasks	To split up the tasks	Robert, please update the production tickets Joann, please update the market tickets I ll ensure the CES term deals are in Sitara... currently missing several...
Please pass this info to all	Hi Kate, per our discussion on yesterday about the 15.00 flat fee on Tom s and Mark s deals, here is Bloomberg s response.	Hi Kate, per our discussion on yesterday about the 15.00 flat fee on Tom s and Mark s deals, here is Bloomberg s response.	Please pass this info to all of our traders.
Please call me at 713-853-4743 of you have any comments or questions.	Hi Paul,. I just left you a voice mail.. I m about to leave for the day but I wanted to let you know what I m looking for.. I work on the East Desk at ENA and I m trying to get copies of the following ENA and EES contracts.. These are the firm contracts listed on your ENA and EES notices dated November 29th and November 30th that I don t have.. ENA contracts PHONE 5072. EES contracts PHONE . I appreciate your help.	I appreciate your help.	Please call me at PHONE of you have any comments or questions.
Please enter the demand charge on deal 384258 for the May 2001 Tenaska IV sale.			Daren: Please enter the demand charge on deal 384258 for the May 2001 Tenaska IV sale.
Please go ahead and sign me up for the new garage.			Please go ahead and sign me up for the new garage.
First, please try to buy-back HE7-10.	Group,. There are two actions required for Delano Energy on Monday, 7/17.	There are two actions required for Delano Energy on Monday, 7/17.	First, please try to buy-back HE7-10.
The funds will be donated to the following organizations, please pay by cash or check payable to an organization listed below or a relief organization of your choice.	In an effort to support our fellow citizens during this time of disaster we will be collecting donations for relief efforts in NY, DC and PA. A designated collection box has been placed by the lobby area.. All donations will be double matched by Enron.. If we all donated what we have would spent on the complimentary lunch today or what we would spend on coffee tomorrow, matched double by Enron, it would really add up.. The money will be sent on Monday, September 24.	The money will be sent on Monday, September 24.	The funds will be donated to the following organizations, please pay by cash or check payable to an organization listed below or a relief organization of your choice.
Can you kindly take a look at this for me.	Gerald!	Gerald!	Can you kindly take a look at this for me.
Please call me with any questions you might have.	Chris,. Attached is a draft copy of a Master Purchase/Sale Agreement for physical natural gas transactions.. We are working on some of the information that Bonnie sent us and will be in touch next week with some ideas.. It would be good for us to go ahead and get things rolling with this contract so we will be prepared to enter into transactions, whether they fall within the the realm of the management services agreement or not.	It would be good for us to go ahead and get things rolling with this contract so we will be prepared to enter into transactions, whether they fall within the the realm of the management services agreement or not.	Please call me with any questions you might have.
Please call me so I can brief you on how that happened.	Mike, As you know, I have arranged for a meeting on December 6th among the Art Committee and Jeff Skilling.. I feel that you should run this meeting.. I would like to accomplish the following:. 1 Discuss our Vision for the collection 2 Introduce Ned and Barry 3 Describe art locations in/outside the buildings 4 Discuss progress made to date and timetable 5 Discuss the process: To what extent Jeff wants to be part of the decision process going forward i.e.. is he comfortable approving our Vision and having us implement?. ...Or does he want veto power on each piece?. The latter would be cumbersome, and I personally would prefer the former, but we definitely need clarification on this before we can proceed.. Questions right now for you: 1 Would you like to invite Ken to join us in the meeting?. 2 Ned cannot make it that day first available day is Dec. 18th so should we postpone?. Barry is a maybe .. Remember they are there to help us shape a high quality collection and to make sure that we do not make any purchasing mistakes .. 3 I have a first draft of the presentation, when can we meet to discuss it?. Following on our last meeting with Gensler, I am assembling a detailed list of potential art locations by floor including dimensions when possible so that we have a Master from which to work.. I will run it by Bonnie McCloud and Bill Donovan to assure its accuracy.. Lastly, I have asked Bill Viola the video artist for the work we are considering to come down to Houston to meet with us and with Gensler to discuss where his piece might fit in the new building.. I have also placed a call Rob and Gregg at Pelli to let them know that I would like for them to meet with a wonderful up and coming artist Olafur Eliasson who would like to propose a water piece for the circular drive.. You will recall that Pelli would very much like to have a water piece there.. Eliasson is very well respected and innovative: He s created waterfalls that flow up and wonderful minimal installation pieces that are quite beautiful.. I ve asked his gallery to let us know if he could meet with Pelli in Connecticut or in Houston on their next trip.. Lastly, Enron has purchased the Alex Katz painting that is currently hanging in 50M.	Lastly, Enron has purchased the Alex Katz painting that is currently hanging in 50M.	Please call me so I can brief you on how that happened.
Please make sure your numbers go through me or Stan before we give them to Corp.			Please make sure your numbers go through me or Stan before we give them to Corp. Corp s request for these things should be coming through me in the future.
Jesse, would you verify this with Egan and find out what they want to do?	According to Brenda we owe Egan 101 dts per Egan s statement on the expired Egan storage contract.	According to Brenda we owe Egan 101 dts per Egan s statement on the expired Egan storage contract.	Jesse, would you verify this with Egan and find out what they want to do?
call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at  713  345-8897 or me at  713	At the request of Daniel Diamond, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.. If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no PHONE .. I will then have it executed by Enron.	I will then have it executed by Enron.	If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at PHONE or me at 7 PHONE .
Should you require any further information please call, otherwise I will 20	Rick / Rick / Sally 20. I attach the executive summary of a note sent to the office of the chair 20 last week detailing current operational difficulties with the Metals 20 Merchanting business.. Subsequently an all hands meeting was called to 20 discuss the operational issues and the business imperatives of 20 Off Balance Sheet Facility OBSF renegotiation Minimising working captial SAP implementation The notes of that meeting are also attached at the bottom of this email	Subsequently an all hands meeting was called to 20 discuss the operational issues and the business imperatives of 20 Off Balance Sheet Facility OBSF renegotiation Minimising working captial SAP implementation The notes of that meeting are also attached at the bottom of this email	Should you require any further information please call, otherwise I will 20 forward updates as they are completed.
site, please copy and paste http://clickathomepilot.enron.com directly into	Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas 770 PHONE phone PHONE fax sara.shackleton enron.com. Internet Service is now available for ordering!. ?As a Pilot 3 Invitee of the ClickAtHome program, you can now order your PC and Broadband Internet Service through the ClickAtHome Pilot website, which may be accessed at http://clickathomepilot.enron.com launch through Internet Explorer only .. ?. All Pilot participants are encouraged to place their PC order by January 25th.. Many of our Internet Service vendors are ready to begin providing service to you today, while all vendors will be ready by late February.. ?. The ClickAtHome Internet Service Providers whom are currently available for internet service are: ?. Time-Warner in Houston, cable modem Kingwood Cable, cable modem AT T - Portland.. ?. cable modem. MSN, providing both dial-up and DSL service nationwide, and Cox Cable - Omaha, providing cable modem service, ?will be available in late February.. ?We will provide further communication as soon as MSN and Cox Cable - Omaha orders can be placed.. We appreciate your patience in advance.. To pre-qualify and sign up for service in your area today with Time Warner Houston, Kingwood Cable or AT T- Portland, refer to http://clickathomepilot.enron.com for specific provider information and instructions on how to place your order.	To pre-qualify and sign up for service in your area today with Time Warner Houston, Kingwood Cable or AT T- Portland, refer to http://clickathomepilot.enron.com for specific provider information and instructions on how to place your order.	?If you have problems launching the site, please copy and paste http://clickathomepilot.enron.com directly into Internet Explorer.
or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at  713  345-8897 or	At the request of Mark Palmer, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.. I have also attached a blacklined draft showing the changes from the iPlanet draft.. If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no PHONE .. I will then have it executed by Enron.	I will then have it executed by Enron.	If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at PHONE or me at PHONE .
Can you please set up a conference call-in number for this Thursday afternoon	Hi Kate,	Hi Kate,	Can you please set up a conference call-in number for this Thursday afternoon 4-5:30 pm Portland time for 4 different ports.
Could you please review the amendments which David Minns has recommended for	Mark,. Paul would like to start his roadshow with Australian customers next Tuesday Monday afternoon, our time .	Paul would like to start his roadshow with Australian customers next Tuesday Monday afternoon, our time .	Could you please review the amendments which David Minns has recommended for the PA and ETA today, so that Paul can take a copy of at least the PA with him when he visits the customers?
Can you please take a look at this and advise me on how we can proceed with	Brent -. Per our conversation earlier, attached are the documents forwarded by Jeffries Co. for the Tri-Union bond offering.. To recap:. 1.. Tri-Union is a small independent E P that is currently in bankruptcy.. The company is being run by the courts at the present.. 2.. Tri-Union has hired Jeffries Co. as investment bankers to help float a 160 MM high-yield bond offering.. The offering, if successful, would bring Tri-Union out of bankruptcy, with about 30 MM in additional cash to use for capital expenditures and working capital.. 3.. As part of the high-yield bond offering, Tri-Union needs to execute a two-year swap agreement to hedge production, and that is where Enron comes into the picture.. Tri-Union is obviously a horrible credit, and so we would need to take a security interest in their reserves/producing properties in order to execute the hedge.. They have proposed the execution of a document that would make us the most senior creditors in the event of default.. I have attached the current form of this document, as I received it from Jeffries Co. this afternoon IMPORTANT NOTE: Brent, the attached document is a new version that I received after our meeting this afternoon, and I assume that it differs from the hard copy that I brought to you earlier today .	I have attached the current form of this document, as I received it from Jeffries Co. this afternoon IMPORTANT NOTE: Brent, the attached document is a new version that I received after our meeting this afternoon, and I assume that it differs from the hard copy that I brought to you earlier today .	Can you please take a look at this and advise me on how we can proceed with this?
509402.  Can you see if this is the correct CP.			509402.
Can you help us here?			Can you help us here?
Just call me when everyone is available on your	John: 4 your time works for me.	John: 4 your time works for me.	Just call me when everyone is available on your end.
first period using SAP to record time, please work closely with your 20	Today is a big day for ENRON!. This morning, we are rolling out the next st ep 20 toward empowering our most valuable resource -- you.. As of this morning, 20 most of you have access to the new eHRonline intranet site.. The new eHRonline functionality a feature of the SAP implementation is ve ry 20 easy to use and is accessible through the Enron intranet at 20 http://ehronline.enron.com .. Using eHRonline, not only can you enter your 20 own time, but also maintain your profile, and update personal data, includi ng 20 home address, phone numbers, W-4 changes and emergency contact information.. 20 Additionally, you will be able to view your individual pay advice and benef it 20 elections.. Remember the deadline for time entry is 3:00 pm CST, on June 30th -- all ti me 20 must be submitted and ready for payroll processing.	Remember the deadline for time entry is 3:00 pm CST, on June 30th -- all ti me 20 must be submitted and ready for payroll processing.	Because this is the 20 first period using SAP to record time, please work closely with your 20 timekeeper to ensure the deadline is met.
who would you recommend that we refer him to to talk about	have an inquiry from good person who wants to move from another company but stay in new york.	have an inquiry from good person who wants to move from another company but stay in new york.	who would you recommend that we refer him to to talk about any needs we may have in new york office?
Can you give me the phone number	Vince,. If that doesn t work we can meet on Saturday.. No problem.. My cellular phone is PHONE .. I will have it on, Friday after 11am.. Looking forward to seeing you,. Nick. Vince.J.Kaminski enron.com wrote: Nick, The plan is OK, subject to unforeseen complications.. My flight from London was delayed and I had to spend a night in Newark, NJ.. My schedule for today was disrupted and I had to postpone my departure till Friday morning.. I should be at San Francisco around 10:00 a.m. if there is no delay.. I should be able to meet you at noon at your office.. Please, confirm the meeting both to my office E-mail address and my private address vkaminski aol.com .	Please, confirm the meeting both to my office E-mail address and my private address vkaminski aol.com .	Can you give me the phone number at which I can reach you on Friday if there is a delay?
Can you please send a NDA regarding a potential transaction where Deloitte	Tana,	Tana,	Can you please send a NDA regarding a potential transaction where Deloitte Touch may act in a system integrator role between EnronOnline and EnronOnline customer.
You can go ahead and have the	Sounds good to me.. Tom. This look ok?. It will be presented to Dave Duran to execute Monday am unless you suggest otherwise.. Kay. Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 05/18/2001 05:42 PM. Thanks.?. I have changed the party to the parent of the two entities in question and put the project particulars in the introductory paragraph.?. Otherwise, all of your changes were fine.?	Otherwise, all of your changes were fine.?	You can go ahead and have the agreement executed and fax or send over.
Please contact one of our following representatives to find out about the new  weather products, or check back on our website product guide:	IMAGE IntercontinentalExchange is pleased to announce that weather swaps trading will be included in its new version 8 release.. These fixed-for-floating financial products will be cash settled on a five-day average temperature, Monday - Friday, for the current week and for the forward week.. Temperatures used for the settlement of these products will be those reported by EarthSat, a widely recognized and independent source of weather data.. Settlement temperatures provided by EarthSat will be available via the IntercontinentalExchange website.. The hub locations for weather trades will be the primary airport weather stations at Chicago-O Hare, Dallas-Fort Worth, New York-La Guardia, Philadelphia-International and Sacramento-Executive.. The standard contract size for all locations will be 10,000 per degree Fahrenheit, with a tic increment of 0.1 degree Fahrenheit or 1,000.. There are no payout limits on the contracts.. The design and development of these new weather products was done under the guidance of Aquila Energy Marketing Corp., a recognized leader in weather product concepts.. In addition, IntercontinentalExchange has worked with Aquila and other major weather market participants, including Reliant Energy, Mirant Americas, and El Paso Merchant Energy, to build consensus and support for these new products.. To trade weather swaps you must have our new version 8 release installed on your system.. An advisory with details about this new release is being sent to you by separate email.. We encourage all or our users to take a serious look at the new weather products being offered by the IntercontinentalExchange.	We encourage all or our users to take a serious look at the new weather products being offered by the IntercontinentalExchange.	Please contact one of our following representatives to find out about the new weather products, or check back on our website product guide: Patricia Ricci : PHONE : Patricia.Ricci intcx.com Mike O Neill : PHONE : Michael.Oneill intcx.com Chris D Ambrosio : PHONE : chris.dambrosio intcx.com
may either send me this information or correct the document at your	Paul,. I have made revisions as discussed to the Master Agreement.. However we need to include on Exhibit A info regarding Invoices, Payments , etc.	However we need to include on Exhibit A info regarding Invoices, Payments , etc.	You may either send me this information or correct the document at your convenience.
Could you please take a look	Chad,. To answer your question - bid cost guarantees should be entered by you, Larry or Narsimha as soon as you calculate them.. I will watch them periodically throughout the month to be sure you are calculating them correctly.. Any time you have a question about what NY is showing just ask.. Here is the reconciliation for April to date.	Here is the reconciliation for April to date.	Could you please take a look at your calculations for 4/5, 4/6, 4/10, 4/15 4/16 - the variances are quite large.
Please make any changes you feel are necessary, have Ken Lay s office print	Rosie - please print and have signed.. Note there is a typo in the second line of the last paragraph -- does should be do .. thanks. John/Steve,. Attached is a draft letter to Party Secretary Zhou Yong Kang of Sichuan Province declining an invitation for Ken Lay to speak at the 2000 Western Forum of China.. Secretary Zhou was recently in Houston and has extended an invitation to Ken Lay to speak at this conference.	Secretary Zhou was recently in Houston and has extended an invitation to Ken Lay to speak at this conference.	Please make any changes you feel are necessary, have Ken Lay s office print for his signature and send to Kari Duncan for faxing and forwarding.
To request parking or to switch to these garages please call Parking and Transportation at ext. 37060 or ext. 36399.			FROM: Enron Property Services Corp
Please contact me	Arco has surfaced again.. They are looking at buying a fixed price for term.. I will be out for a few days.. Kim Ward will be handling this transaction in my abscence.. Her extension is x3826.. I am assuming that we can use the short form of ISDA we used previously.. I am assuming we are OK on credit for up to 1 year.. If longer wie will double check with Tracy.	If longer wie will double check with Tracy.	Please contact me and let me now if this is OK.
Please contact Ellen Wallumrod or Stacey Richardson.			Please contact Ellen Wallumrod or Stacey Richardson.
Please change Deal 144932 from Sam	Yes.. I have confirmed that FW Rabalais is agent for Dallas aka Sam Allen , which was put under Lila Allen s name.	I have confirmed that FW Rabalais is agent for Dallas aka Sam Allen , which was put under Lila Allen s name.	Please change Deal 144932 from Sam Allen to Dallas Exploration.
Maureen Raymond:  Will you please forward this information to other woman in	Steve Kean asked me to forward this information to you.	Steve Kean asked me to forward this information to you.	Maureen Raymond: Will you please forward this information to other woman in the meeting.
Please review the attached document and indicate approval via REPLY WITH	Approved.. TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE CONTRACT APPROVAL REQUEST. Phillips Petroleum Company s discount letter was recently approved by Transwestern s Officer group.. However, Phillips has now requested that Transwestern include language in the discount letter which guarantees the applicable discount rate in the event that Transwestern s minimum Tariff rate were to be higher than the discount rate.. I have underlined the additional language in the attached revised discount letter language will not be underlined when provided to Phillips .. The inclusion of this language would require Transwestern to file the discount as a negotiated rate prior to gas flow under the term of the amendment.. Transwestern would file this discount on January 31, 2001.	Transwestern would file this discount on January 31, 2001.	Please review the attached document and indicate approval via REPLY WITH HISTORY.
Joseph: please forward this to Scott Govenar and let him know that it s			Joseph: please forward this to Scott Govenar and let him know that it s confidential and that some additional information will be going to the Govenor this morning, which I ll forward along when it s ready.
facilities, please reply or give me a call.	Regarding the subject proposed interconnect, where EOG desires to receive 2 MMcfd from TW s 16 Crawford lateral, the available connection available is a 4 side valve formerly used for Highland - Pecos Irrigation, POI 500269; Sect.. 10, T23S-R28E, Eddy Co., New Mexico Higland-Pecos Irrigation .. The former measuring facilities, the lateral, and the 8 Crawford lateral were all sold to Duke.. TW measurement facilities do not exist at the interconnect that can be re-activated for EOG gas lift measurement/regulation.. Should EOG desire to receive lift gas from TW, then new measuring and regulating facilities will be required.. See Figure 1 below for connection details.. However, expected operating pressures available on the 16 Crawford lateral is common to suction pressures observed at the suction of WT-1 Compressor Station that varies between 580 - 630 psig see Figure 2, daily average pressure graph for May-Oct 2000 .. As you indicated that EOG s line pressure would be near 650 psig, it will not be possible for TW to deliver into EOG unless they can lower their line pressure to about 550 psig or add compression.	As you indicated that EOG s line pressure would be near 650 psig, it will not be possible for TW to deliver into EOG unless they can lower their line pressure to about 550 psig or add compression.	If feasibility exists for EOG to add compression and you would like for me to proceed with providing a Level A cost estimate for measuring/regulating facilities, please reply or give me a call.
days, please give me a call and I ll make sure they are working on it for	Jason, I have received your request and have forwarded it to the appropriate person.	Jason, I have received your request and have forwarded it to the appropriate person.	If you you don t receive a response from them in the next couple of business days, please give me a call and I ll make sure they are working on it for you.
JN, Please change wording	Jeff and John,. Attached is the most recent draft of the reorg announcement.. Cathy will have this ready to go out tomorrow, close of business.. Please review again and mark up any changes that you believe are required.. Please read the Per and Randy section carefully for errors and wording.	Please read the Per and Randy section carefully for errors and wording.	JN, Please change wording for Randy s most recent assignment, i put something down as a marker.
Could you please take a look at the document  it s a very quick read , call	I gave a copy of this document to Wes Colwell immediately following last week s meeting with a note that he needed to respond to you.. He is the most appropriate respondent from ENA.. --Sally. At the Financial Council meeting last Thursday, we distributed a write-up entitled Workshops .. In it we discussed the work performed to date, the results, and three options for proceeding.	In it we discussed the work performed to date, the results, and three options for proceeding.	Could you please take a look at the document it s a very quick read , call me if you need more information, and then vote for which option you would prefer?
Please respond by 12:00 noon Monday, June 12, 2000 to Debbie Flores by e-mail	This is an FYI.. The Associate/Analyst program will be holding an information lunch next Wednesday, June 14, from 11:30 a.m. to 1:00 p.m.. The scheduled speakers are Jeff Shankman, Managing Director with ENA Gas Trading, and Sally Beck, VP with Energy Operations and Globel Risk Management.. Click on attachment above for more details and where to pick up your tickets.	Click on attachment above for more details and where to pick up your tickets.	Please respond by 12:00 noon Monday, June 12, 2000 to Debbie Flores by e-mail dflore2 enron.com, or by phone at x5.7344.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Mary Merchant 329 Hutchinson Ave. Iowa City, IA 52246 marymerchant home.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Can you guys send both the refernce credits and counterprties to the legal			Can you guys send both the refernce credits and counterprties to the legal department so that they can begin working on approval.
Please review the attached letter requesting LRCI s approval of	Gerald -	Gerald -	Please review the attached letter requesting LRCI s approval of surveyors we desire to use for the post closing survey.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Thomas Rippolon 438 Peekskill hollow rd.. Putnam Valley, NY 10579 tomrip1 netscape.net. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
if you could give me a call.	Mark: That works for me.. Carol. Carol - I ll call you on Tuesday at 4pm my time, 10am yours.. Mark. Carol St Clair 12/05/2000 21:08. Mark: Thanks for the update.	Mark: Thanks for the update.	Monday is bad for me but TRuesday morning looks good if you could give me a call.
Sent by Market Operations, inquiries please	After the Day ahead market ran, the Path 15 branch group TTC in the N-S direction was changed from 1275 MW to 1000 MW and the Path 26 branch group TTC in both directions was changed from 3000 MW to 2800 MW for HE s 1100 and 1200 for operating day 8/14/01.. The reason s for the change is due to the lines being de-energized for CB test.. The first applicable Hour Ahead market to run with these values is HE 1100.. The ISO will update you of any changes in line rating status.	The ISO will update you of any changes in line rating status.	Sent by Market Operations, inquiries please call the Hour Ahead Desk.
Also, please give them only one business	Carolyn,. Please use NewCo instead of Spawn.	Please use NewCo instead of Spawn.	Also, please give them only one business day to review the final facility agreement.
Please change your service list from Blossom A. Peretz, to Seema M. Singh,			Please change your service list from Blossom A. Peretz, to Seema M. Singh, Esq., ssingh rpa.state.nj.us as the new Acting Director and Ratepayer Advocate.
Take a look at the document and	Dan, sorry about taking so long it getting back to you about this, but I had a couple of crises I had to address, Im still realing from the impact.. I have attached for your review the agreement which we are in the process of finalizing with the Wild Turkey Federation.	I have attached for your review the agreement which we are in the process of finalizing with the Wild Turkey Federation.	Take a look at the document and let me know what you think.
Please call me with questions.	The following deal has been changed once more.. Here are the details:. 576468 West Services buys from APX NP-15 Off Peak - 1.8 MW 140 10.2 MW 150 TOTAL MWH 96. 572069 stays 12 MW 150	572069 stays 12 MW 150	Please call me with questions.
Could you please grant me access to the O: TDS directory so that I can load curves in Brad McKay s absence, as well as set my own in the future.	Kam,	Kam,	Could you please grant me access to the O: TDS directory so that I can load curves in Brad McKay s absence, as well as set my own in the future.
Please review the attached calendar and advise of any revisions.			Please review the attached calendar and advise of any revisions.
Justin -- Please call me about this and we can discuss.			Justin -- Please call me about this and we can discuss.
Please pay particular	Opps.. Didn t mean to leave you out!. Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 01/10/2001 11:01 AM. I m attaching the notices for CA I and CA II.	I m attaching the notices for CA I and CA II.	Please pay particular attention to CA II, since it is the first time it has been circulated.
3. Please point out in DealBench or provide separate the documents that			-Origin: Rogers-B X-FileName: brogers.nsf
please add Frank Vickers to this distribution list.	Peter,	Peter,	please add Frank Vickers to this distribution list.
task, so please email me your scripts  and cc: Daniel Diamond, by end of day	Hello All,. We are putting together an interactive CD for use by new and existing Enron employees who would like to know more about EnronOnline and how our groups work together from start to finish.. Attached are the topics that are to be covered by each of your respective groups.. The items in bold denote the main points that users will be able to click on.. The items indented below each of these is what needs to have a script.. Please keep in mind that all information should be viewed from the customer perspective.. For example, if a customer or someone new to Enron were to ask about a specific bolded topic how would you answer it.. Please limit your script to 5 minutes and if you feel something pertinent has been left out, please add it with the understanding that it may not make it to the final draft.	Please limit your script to 5 minutes and if you feel something pertinent has been left out, please add it with the understanding that it may not make it to the final draft.	We have a very limited time frame in which to complete this task, so please email me your scripts and cc: Daniel Diamond, by end of day Friday, June 23 .
To reserve a seat, please call Stephanie E. Taylor at 5-7928	eSource presents Lexis-Nexis training Attend one of our Topical Lexis-Nexis Clinics:. Advanced This session will cover advanced searching tips.. It will also cover using Smart Indexing to narrow your search results.. Find out how to customize your desktop for easier searching.. Industry Research Learn tips for finding industry information on Lexis-Nexis.. Find statistics and other topics like market share, industry trends, and industry forecasts.. Explore industry information beyond the news.. Seats fill up fast!	Seats fill up fast!	To reserve a seat, please call Stephanie E. Taylor at 5-7928 The cost is 25.00 Per Person No Shows will be charged 50.00 Please bring your Lexis-Nexis login ID and password.
you have any modifications, please get with John as soon as possible.	Please see the attached Alberta PPA presenation.	Please see the attached Alberta PPA presenation.	Please make review and if you have any modifications, please get with John as soon as possible.
Please mark your calender for the following ......			Please mark your calender for the following ......
To make a donation, please	PAINTERS NEEDED FOR THE DAY OF CARING ON SEPTEMBER 15!!!. TO VOLUNTEER CONTACT CHARLA REESE AT PHONE . Chairman s Award Nominate Your Hero Today!. If you know someone who deserves to be honored for their practices of Respect, Integrity, Communication and Excellence, click here http://home.enron.com/.. Nominations are open now through October 1.. Star of Hope The Enron Running Club will be collecting retired T-shirts and running shoes during the month of September to benefit T-Shirt Running the Star of Hope Mission.	Star of Hope The Enron Running Club will be collecting retired T-shirts and running shoes during the month of September to benefit T-Shirt Running the Star of Hope Mission.	To make a donation, please contact Cindy Richardson at PHONE .
If so, please provide your	Please send the documents to me at EB3802.. Thanks!. If you were responding to this note earlier, Marilyn was asking if you wanted to receive copies of all the documentation.	If you were responding to this note earlier, Marilyn was asking if you wanted to receive copies of all the documentation.	If so, please provide your location.
Please, take a look.			Please, take a look.
Please remove her from all	Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.	Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.	Please remove her from all your mail lists.
Please review the list to help us identify the IOUs.	At the request of Sara Shackleton, I am attaching my list of North America utility counterparties.. My given task when I compiled this list was to identify utilities and determine if there was a reason we should not approve online trading for the counterparty.. We originally denied approval for all utilities unless we had a Master Agreement in place or an overriding commercial reason to transact.. We are now taking the position that investor owned utilities IOUs and related corporate entities should be approved for trading.. However, we will not approve online trading for governmentals or cooperatives when we do not have a master in place, so those counterparties identified as such do not need to be included in your review.. Obviously, if you are aware of a municipal or cooperative I failed to detect, please let us know.. In addition, your review does not need to extend to the Canadian counterparties.. We will run those by Canadian counsel.	We will run those by Canadian counsel.	Please review the list to help us identify the IOUs.
already done so, please send me the following:			Pursuant to the Site Visit Procedures sent you by CSFB, if you have not already done so, please send me the following: List of your team members and titles For outside consultants, state their employer Name, phone number office and mobile and e-mail address of your designated deal team leader
Hi Kate can you please ch the energy type to Firm instead of CAISO Energy on			Hi Kate can you please ch the energy type to Firm instead of CAISO Energy on deal 532921.
please call on me.	I just received this message from Kat!!. !. Hello sunshine.. How are things ?. I must say the Lord has really been blessing me and my family.. Tell all the prayer warriors I said Thank you.. There s no way Thank you is enough.. I cannot believe the out pour of help that came my way.. My load has been lifted considerably, I have a smile on my face.. Our God is an awesome God.. He reign s from Heaven about with power and love, our God is an awesome God.. I have gotten so many card and letters it is unbelievable.. I am so overwhelmed by all of this I can t help but to cry.. When people don t even know you they come to your rescue.. The Lord is going to Bless each and every one of them richly.. Tell all of them I said I love them with love of the Lord.	Tell all of them I said I love them with love of the Lord.	If there is anything I can ever do please, please call on me.
Please delete the other files I sent previously.			Tracy, Please delete the other files I sent previously.
Please see Marie s note below and respond to the questions.	Nony-	Nony-	Please see Marie s note below and respond to the questions.
Please return all comments	Eric - I think the release looks fine.. Shelley -- I take it there are no affiliate issues here or they have been fully vetted ?. Attached is a draft press release regarding NBP s intent to purchase ENA s assets in the Powder River and Wind River Basins.	Attached is a draft press release regarding NBP s intent to purchase ENA s assets in the Powder River and Wind River Basins.	Please return all comments to me via e-mail by 5:00 pm on Tuesday, August 22.
Enron s comments on these changes please send your comments to Richard	NERC is considering changing its policy 1 for control areas.. If you wish to see the proposed changes please see below.	If you wish to see the proposed changes please see below.	If you wish to participate in Enron s comments on these changes please send your comments to Richard Ingersoll, Charles Yeung and Keith Comeaux.
Carlos, Please call me.	I am available to meet this week except 9:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. on 5-17-01 and 9:30 a.m. to 11:30 a.m. on 5-18-01.. I am traveling Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday of next week.. We need Seimens Westinghouse to prove the total loss claim and I suspect that is why our business people have not pursued them more vigorously.	We need Seimens Westinghouse to prove the total loss claim and I suspect that is why our business people have not pursued them more vigorously.	Carlos, Please call me.
Please email information to her ASAP	Bruce,. Just a reminder, this Wednesday Dec 13 is the Associate PRC meeting in which Sally will be representing Cheryl Ingstad.. She really needs your input in order to properly represent Cheryl.	She really needs your input in order to properly represent Cheryl.	Please email information to her ASAP or call Sally with information Tuesday between 9:00 - 9:30 AM 3:00 - 3:30 PM London time .
Sue:  Please review ASAP after Jeff.	Attached is the strawman.. Note that the Sheet 2--drops participation to bare essentials.. Sheet 3 assumes a 40 budget cut from Sheet 1.. The deleted actions are different in Sheet 2 and Sheet 3.. Jeff: Please review ASAP, add the gas matters to Sheet 1, delete gas matters that are not essential in Sheet 2, and take a 40 haircut in Sheet 3.. Also add back any other matters that I have deleted that you disagree with, but make sure that Sheet 3 continues to meet the 40 haircut target.. Then send to Sue Mara for review.	Then send to Sue Mara for review.	Sue: Please review ASAP after Jeff.
Call me at home tonight.	I need directions and phone numbers.	I need directions and phone numbers.	Call me at home tonight.
Will you please forward her a copy of the ISDA via	I am forwarding you the information of the contact at Heinz who requested a copy of their ISDA.	I am forwarding you the information of the contact at Heinz who requested a copy of their ISDA.	Will you please forward her a copy of the ISDA via overnight mail or fax today.
Please can you review SERVICIOS INDUSTRIALES PENOLES/TERRAPIN RECYCLING LLC			Please can you review SERVICIOS INDUSTRIALES PENOLES/TERRAPIN RECYCLING LLC Enrononline in the S.drive access data base.
Please check this out and get back to me asap.  thanks.			Please check this out and get back to me asap.
Can you also address the question about gda physical volumes not	Thank you.	Thank you.	Can you also address the question about gda physical volumes not showing up in my position manager?
Diane, would you please send Valeria the recent  positive  article on PRC?			Diane, would you please send Valeria the recent positive article on PRC?
I will prepare a strawman and let you guys have a look and give your approval at that time.	As we expected, people are finding that the placement of people is not meeting all their needs.. I plan to meet with Presto, Duran and Arnold s folks next Tuesday, Nov 27 to review potential changes.	I plan to meet with Presto, Duran and Arnold s folks next Tuesday, Nov 27 to review potential changes.	I will prepare a strawman and let you guys have a look and give your approval at that time.
Mansoor, Please proceed with Mark s request.			Mansoor, Please proceed with Mark s request.
Please send me a note immediately if you disagree.	Just a few of questions.. 1.. Will Kevin take MTM income on this position on day one?. 2.. Why just 5 years sold?. 3.. Does your 9 contemplate covering depreciation?. Wes. The following points refer to the methodology that we are taking to rebook the New Albany Plant.	The following points refer to the methodology that we are taking to rebook the New Albany Plant.	Please send me a note immediately if you disagree.
To participate, please email Alexandra Saler by November 1.	The First Annual. Associate and Analyst Showdown Sponsored by EES. will take place November 6-10 in the Enron Building Lobby from 11:30-1:30.. This is your chance to play foosball, air hockey and darts for prizes!!!!. The tournament will be double or single elimination depending on the number of responses.	The tournament will be double or single elimination depending on the number of responses.	To participate, please email Alexandra Saler by November 1.
Please take a  moment to look at the attached membership form with the 2001	Dear Colleague:. We are pleased to report that we had a very exciting and productive year with dozens of activities around the world.. As we enter our 10th year of operations, the IAFE has additional membership options available to you.	As we enter our 10th year of operations, the IAFE has additional membership options available to you.	Please take a moment to look at the attached membership form with the 2001 rate schedule.
Please take this under consideration where possible.	This is also directed at us...	This is also directed at us...	Please take this under consideration where possible.
copy finals and send to the Calgary Office.	Jenny, Please print the two crestar documents on ena stationary twice each and send to Grant Oh as requested in Barry s email.. Thank you.. Grant, for your review.. Dan, I like these documents as is.	Dan, I like these documents as is.	Please raise hard copy finals and send to the Calgary Office.
Please kill the duplicate sitara number as soon as possible.	Not West deals.. DG. Can someone tell me what region these are from and why they did not get killed last night????. ?. Thanks. I was informed by the Sitara team that there are still sitara deals duplicated from yesterday s bridging issues .. I have them highlighted in red in the e-mail below.	I have them highlighted in red in the e-mail below.	Please kill the duplicate sitara number as soon as possible.
intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us	It appears we will soon be ready to exchange signature pages at long last... We await only the parties final sign off on the schedule of trades being transferred.. Below are the proposed logistics for signing:. 1.. TRANSFER AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT Each party to execute 5 originals. a Enron and S C to fax an executed signature page for this document to Kate Polozie at McDermott, Will Emery, fax.. no PHONE .. b Enron and S C to send 5 five original signature pages via overnight courier to:. Kate Polozie, McDermott, Will Emery, 600 13th St.. N.W., Washington, D.C PHONE .. c Kate will compile and distribute complete documents to all parties once all originals are received.. 2.. POWER MASTER AMENDMENT ISDA SIDE LETTER Each party to execute 2 originals. a 1 Enron to fax an executed signature page for each document to Lauren Teigland, S C, fax.. no PHONE .. 2 Enron to retain 1 one original and send 1 one original signature page for each document via overnight courier to:. Lauren Teigland, Sullivan Cromwell, 125 Broad Street, New York, NY PHONE .. b 1 S C to fax signature pages for each document to Janice Moore and Sara Shackleton, fax.. no PHONE .. 2 S C to retain 1 one original and send 1 one original signature page for each document via overnight courier to Enron to confirm :. Janice Moore/Sara Shackleton , Enron Power Marketing, Inc. , 1600 Smith Street, Houston, TX 77002.. Please let me know if you have any questions/comments about the above.. Best regards, Lauren. This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential.	This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential.	If you are not the intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us immediately.
Reminder to please forward a worksheet for this entity.			Reminder to please forward a worksheet for this entity.
Can you help them?	Christie,. I am forwarding you a message I have received from the University of Houston.	I am forwarding you a message I have received from the University of Houston.	Can you help them?
please pass this along to the appropriate people in the credit group.	Mary: Enclosed is the Counterparty form that we have come up with for Multi-Product Guarantys.. Depending upon the products that need to be covered, each Guaranty will need to be modified to make sure that it describes the proper entities and products.	Depending upon the products that need to be covered, each Guaranty will need to be modified to make sure that it describes the proper entities and products.	I will send along the Enron form of this shortly but please pass this along to the appropriate people in the credit group.
Can you please review?			Can you please review?
Please provide final GSA so that I can forward to Jode.			Please provide final GSA so that I can forward to Jode.
Please review and verify the user list below.	Dorothy,. I have received the Org Chart and the User List for your business unit.	I have received the Org Chart and the User List for your business unit.	Please review and verify the user list below.
Please coordinate with her.	John: I would like for you to come talk to a couple more people on the gas floor about a possible position down the road.. My assistant Ina Rangle is going to schedule a couple interviews.	My assistant Ina Rangle is going to schedule a couple interviews.	Please coordinate with her.
Please forward the revisions once you get them.	Karen,	Karen,	Please forward the revisions once you get them.
you need more colour please call me	THis should be considered work in progress as Marcelo is aggresively chasing the people needed to obtain the timelines.	THis should be considered work in progress as Marcelo is aggresively chasing the people needed to obtain the timelines.	Sally, I believe I mentioned the SAP delay to you last Friday and the issues of AS400 prioritisation a lot of very significant work logjammed but if you need more colour please call me
give me a call at work about tonight.......713-853-6203			give me a call at work about tonight.... PHONE
Please confirm.	This confirmation should have the regular Omnibus Annex A attached as well as the additional Chilean Annex which Tana forwarded last week.. Please call me if you have any questions.. Mark. Can you please help me to resolve this ASAP.. Thank you, Craig. Forwarded by Craig Breslau/HOU/ECT on 12/13/2000 01:50 PM. I received from Derek Bailey the Confirmation Form and the Chilean Annex, but I feel there is still missing the Annex A, as it is refferred in the Confirmation Form as part of the terms and conditions of the transaction.	I received from Derek Bailey the Confirmation Form and the Chilean Annex, but I feel there is still missing the Annex A, as it is refferred in the Confirmation Form as part of the terms and conditions of the transaction.	Please confirm.
To enroll in the Savings Plan or make a change to your current contributions, please log on to  http://resources.hewitt.com/enron , or call the Benefit Service Center at 1-800-332-7979, option 3.	We have good news for participants of the Enron Corp. Savings Plan.. Last Friday, the creditors committee and our board of directors approved our proposal to reinstate the company match.. We can enact the match in the normal course of business without bankruptcy court approval.. Beginning July 1, 2002, Enron will again match employee pre-tax contributions to the Plan.. The match will be credited to active participants eligible contributions on their first paycheck in July.. In addition, from July 1 through December 31, 2002, Enron will double the rate of the company match that was in effect prior to the suspension, with a maximum match on employee pretax contributions of 6 percent of base salary.. In January 2003, the rate of the company match will return to the level in effect prior to the suspension.. Beyond reinstating the match, Enron is also instituting the following enhancements to the Savings Plan: ?. The company match will follow participants investment elections.. In other words, the company match will be allocated to the same funds in which the participant has elected to invest.. ?. Currently, participants are able to contribute one to 15 percent of their base salaries to the Savings Plan.. After July 1, participants will be able to increase their contribution up to a maximum of 50 percent of their base salary.. The 2002 federal limit for pre-tax contributions to the Savings Plan is 11,000. ?. Participants who are age 50 or older in 2002 will be able to contribute up to 12,000 of pre-tax income to the Savings Plan in 2002.. This additional 1,000 is not eligible for company-matched contributions.. Active Enron employees who are not currently participating in the Enron Corp. Savings Plan have until 3:00 p.m. CST on Thursday, June 27, 2002 to enroll in the Plan for their first July payroll contribution to be matched.. The same deadline applies to active participants in the Plan who may wish to increase their Savings Plan contribution rate in time for the first July payroll.. For now, participants can only increase their contribution rate to the current maximum of 15 percent of base salary.. After July 1, participants will be able to increase their contribution rate to the new maximum of 50 percent.	After July 1, participants will be able to increase their contribution rate to the new maximum of 50 percent.	To enroll in the Savings Plan or make a change to your current contributions, please log on to http://resources.hewitt.com/enron , or call the Benefit Service Center at PHONE , option 3.
To enroll, please send a fax to Katya Ashe at  617  497-0423, or send an	Title: Is the Supply Rebound Beginning?. An Update on CERA s Outlook for US Gas Productive Capacity URL: http://www20.cera.com/eprofile?u 35 m 2334. IS THE SUPPLY REBOUND BEGINNING?. AN UPDATE ON CERA S OUTLOOK FOR US GAS PRODUCTIVE CAPACITY. Update on the Progress of the Supply Rebound in the Near and Medium Term The Gulf of Mexico - Slower and Lower Recovery Ahead Upstream Hotspots - Their Contribution to the Reversal of the Decline Could the Supply Rebound Disappoint or Exceed Expectations?. Near Term, Medium Term. FORMAT Our speaker will address this topic for 30 minutes, with accompanying graphics presented on the internet, followed by an open question and answer period.. SPEAKER Robert Esser, CERA Senior Consultant and Director, Global Oil and Gas Resources. TIME 11:00 A.M. Eastern, Tuesday, April 10, 2001. ELIGIBILITY Clients eligible to participate in this conference call are those who subscribe to the CERA North American Gas Retainer Advisory Service.	ELIGIBILITY Clients eligible to participate in this conference call are those who subscribe to the CERA North American Gas Retainer Advisory Service.	TO ENROLL To enroll, please send a fax to Katya Ashe at PHONE , or send an e-mail to kashe cera.com before 4:00 P.M., MONDAY, APRIL 9, 2001.
Tana - can you please give me an update on where you are in the negotiations			Tana - can you please give me an update on where you are in the negotiations of the ISDA with the following counterparties and confirm which Enron entity you are negotiating on behalf of.
Could you please ensure that this is removed from the Master prior to sending	Dan -. I received the following Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement for Ormet Primary Aluminum Corp., via Craig Breslau.. The document was forwarded to my attention for approval of some additional credit-related language that was included specifically for the transaction currently being executed.. I want to strike this language from the Master Firm Purchase Sale Agreement.. The language to which I refer is found in Article 4.3, Collateral Requirement/Termination Payment Threshold , and is highlighted in blue:. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company and the Customer agree to negotiate in good faith a netting agreement that will eliminate or reduce the need for a letter of credit to be supplied by Customer and that until such netting agreement is executed by the parties, a Letter of Credit under this provision shall not be required.. This language is intended specifically for this transaction, so I will make sure that it is written into the confirm, but I do not want it to be included in the Master agreement.	This language is intended specifically for this transaction, so I will make sure that it is written into the confirm, but I do not want it to be included in the Master agreement.	Could you please ensure that this is removed from the Master prior to sending to Ormet Primary Aluminum Corp. for execution?
can you fill it in yourself?			can you fill it in yourself?
Hi - forgot to check with you in the last email - could you send your home			Hi - forgot to check with you in the last email - could you send your home email address to us, it did not get transfered to this email address and we can t seem to find it anywhere - thanks PS if you just got an email that was blank, disregard it, I must have checked Send by mistake.
Please add the following person.			Please add the following person.
Call me whenever you want.	Well, will discuss that later.	Well, will discuss that later.	Call me whenever you want.
Please indicate your approval or rejection of this proposal on the approval	Attached are the details of the proposed sale of the Northfield and Faribault branch lines.. The associated contracts are also attached for your review.. File 00-310E.doc is the actual purchase sale agreement and file 00-310D.doc identifies the assets to be sold.. Please review and let me know if you have any concerns or questions.. If you would like I can set up a meeting with Bob Stevens who is the marketer for this deal to discuss further.. Attached is a Asset Divestiture Approval Form for the sale of the Faribault Minnesota branchline location 83801 consisting of 1.091 miles of 6 pipe and the Faribault TBS 1 and the Northfield branchlines location No.. s 85001 and 85002 consisting of approximately 4.9 miles of 4 pipe, and the Northfield TBS 1.	s 85001 and 85002 consisting of approximately 4.9 miles of 4 pipe, and the Northfield TBS 1.	Please indicate your approval or rejection of this proposal on the approval form and return to either James Centilli EB4250 or David Waymire OMA0755 by 5PM Monday, November 27th.
Per Jay s voice mail to you, could you please take a look at the two exhibits	Joe:	Joe:	Per Jay s voice mail to you, could you please take a look at the two exhibits attached to the two documents at the bottom of this email and verify the trades with Jay.
Per Paul s instructions, please include CRC in payments for September and October ISO activity.			Per Paul s instructions, please include CRC in payments for September and October ISO activity.
Please, set up a phone interview with him.	Shirley,	Shirley,	Please, set up a phone interview with him.
Esmeralda -- Please printo out and fax to my attention at the Woodlands the attachment.	Please let me know if you have any comments or if I can provide additional info.. re the attached.. The DASH will circulate this afternoon or Monday.	The DASH will circulate this afternoon or Monday.	Esmeralda -- Please printo out and fax to my attention at the Woodlands the attachment.
Could you review and update me on which confirmations have been sent.	Hi Dan,. I have attached the pending trades our system shows for Reliant-Entex.	I have attached the pending trades our system shows for Reliant-Entex.	Could you review and update me on which confirmations have been sent.
Please send the list of proposed Reference	Apparently there was some miscommunication.. It was very clear to me after our meeting in Louise s office that with respect to proposed Reference Entities with which Enron has an existing business relationship you were going to add the consent to the notice letter.. It was that consent that was to dramatically speed up the process of determining which Reference Entities could be listed.. As we discussed last week, without that consent each proposed Reference Entity must be evaluated separately regarding whether or not a confidentiality agreement is in place and whether or not the existing business relationship is extensive enough to require consent.. Neither of these evaluations will be easy or quick.. While Enron North America has been reasonably good about compiling lists of confidentiality agreements, it is by no means clear that all other Enron entities have done so.. We have not yet determined a process for evaluating the extent of the existing business relationships with our customers but that process will necessarily require significant amounts of legal and commercial time at a high enough level to make important judgment calls.. My impression was that you were willing to add the consents to the notice letters since in one fell swoop it resolved a difficult legal issue and moved your earliest possible launch date forward by weeks if not months but also on the assumption that if a customer was not willing to give us their consent we should not be taking the commercial risk that it was precisely those customers whose relationships would be jeopardized by proceeding to use them as a Reference Entity.. We will now move forward to develop the processes necessary to conduct the evaluations mentioned above.	We will now move forward to develop the processes necessary to conduct the evaluations mentioned above.	Please send the list of proposed Reference Entities as soon as possible.
Please research and let	I figured you d probably see Geir before I do.. If so, would you check with him on these deals and find out if they should be with LADWPPX or Los Angeles Department of Water and Power?. I have a feeling it s the latter, but I d like to know for sure before I change the deals and eliminate the useless counterparty name.. Thanks, Kate. There are several deals in the system for this month under this CP name.. If this is supposed to be Los Angeles Department of Water and Power, please change these deals and let me know when they have been changed.. There have never been any deals under LADWPPX and I would like to inactivate if we are not going to use this record ofr the California PX.	There have never been any deals under LADWPPX and I would like to inactivate if we are not going to use this record ofr the California PX.	Please research and let me know.
In addition to Virginia s suggestions below, please copy me when responding	Group,	Group,	In addition to Virginia s suggestions below, please copy me when responding to Virginia s DMS emails.
Please respond to nikep			Nike Papadopoulos nikep edelmanmexico.com.mx 12/04/2000 11:22 AM Please respond to nikep To: max.yzaguirre enron.com , skean enron.com , rshapiro enron.com , eric.thode enron.com , jaime.alatorre enron.com , Ricardo.Charvel enron.com , jaime.williams enron.com , sirvin enron.com , msabine enron.com , agustin.perez enron.com cc: aventura edelmanmexico.com.mx Subject: Energy Analysis
Can you make sure we sent a copy of the Newport presentation to him.	Hi	Hi	Can you make sure we sent a copy of the Newport presentation to him.
Can you check with Cara and see if this deal should have been put in as a			Can you check with Cara and see if this deal should have been put in as a buy/resale.
kay please schedule			kay please schedule
Would you check to see if you have a copy in your files of an Enron Corp. gty			Would you check to see if you have a copy in your files of an Enron Corp. gty to Heartland?
Would you please forward them to	Mark,. I am certain that you have these details.	I am certain that you have these details.	Would you please forward them to Clemens and myself
Sure, Twanda, would you please forward?			Sure, Twanda, would you please forward?
John:  Please approve	Sara, 20. We didn t get the attachment with this one.. could you please resend.. Also , 20 the first paragraph looks like this:. Reference is made to the Master Agreement dated as of rFinancialMasterDate 20 the Agreement between rCounterpartyName Counterparty and Enron Nor th 20 America Corp. 01 ENA 018 , pursuant to which this Confirmation is deliver ed and 20 to which the Transaction contemplated herein is subject.. Thanks, Joe. Attached is revised language to drop in the confirm.	Attached is revised language to drop in the confirm.	John: Please approve .
PLease resubmit with full path.	This resource request has been rejected.. You can view the details of the request by clicking http://itcapps.corp.enron.com/srrs/auth/emailLink.asp?ID PHONE 55936 Page MyReq.. Request ID : PHONE 55936 Approver Type : Access Signature : erica.garcia enron.com Comments : Cannot grant r/w access to all of power2 only read access.	Request ID : PHONE 55936 Approver Type : Access Signature : erica.garcia enron.com Comments : Cannot grant r/w access to all of power2 only read access.	PLease resubmit with full path.
Please call Heather at ext 33278.	I will out of the office Monday and Tuesday.. If you need me.	If you need me.	Please call Heather at ext 33278.
Please  call either Sara Shackleton at  713  853-5620 or me	Susan, My Attorney and I have review the ISDA Schedule and CSA.. I am faxing it in liew of time with margin notes.. Please call to discuss 607/ PHONE .. Maria. Attached for your review and comment is a draft ISDA Master Agreement.. We are reviewing your comments to the Enron Corp. Gty.. and will get back to you later this week.	and will get back to you later this week.	Please call either Sara Shackleton at PHONE or me at PHONE with your comments or questions.
Please, take a look.	Vince: Looks like an excellent value overall if they cover the same topics in these classes as in the Enron internal classes.. The website says that registering for one of the classes automatically registers you to the expo.. I would like to recommend them to my team.. Did someone from our group already register for this?. Thanks Krishna.. Krishna,	Krishna,	Please, take a look.
Please use two e-mail addresses:	Good meeting you.?. Sorry not to get this to you sooner.?. See below.	See below.	Please use two e-mail addresses:
Until them please bear with us.	Robert and I have a plan.. Your team will change next week.	Your team will change next week.	Until them please bear with us.
Please respond to  drhunt watervalley.net			David Hunt drhunt watervalley.net on 05/11/2001 03:59:04 PM Please respond to drhunt watervalley.net To: Kay.Mann enron.com cc:
Please reference the order tracking number.	Dear Mr. LARRY CAMPBELL:. Thank you for your order.. You sold 100 shares of CIEN Ciena Corp Com at 72 21/64.. ORDER DETAILS: The tracking number for this order is: B-170-AAWZ-7036 Order entered at: 09:59:17 on 11/29/00 Order processing began at: 09:59:18 Order executed at: 09:59:18 on 11/29/00. You will receive a printed Datek Online confirmation by postal mail, or by electronic delivery if you are subscribed to that service.. Questions regarding this transaction?. Contact our Customer Support department by e-mailing support datek.com.	Contact our Customer Support department by e-mailing support datek.com.	Please reference the order tracking number.
Can you forward it to the team.	Li,	Li,	Can you forward it to the team.
Could you email me that name and number?	I have a phone number on a post it note on my cabinet, just to the right of where my computer would be if I was there.. It is a lawyers name which of course I can t remember , male, with a 212 or 202 phone number.. It may be David something or other.	It may be David something or other.	Could you email me that name and number?
Please check the previous CA s with Dynegy to determine if they were	One of us can.. Kathleen:	Kathleen:	Please check the previous CA s with Dynegy to determine if they were unilateral or bilateral.
Give me a call.	Was Greg onside with this stuff?	Was Greg onside with this stuff?	Give me a call.
Can you please add Rogers to the interview list.			Can you please add Rogers to the interview list.
Please revise the signature pages for	Kay - As mentioned in my voice mail.?	Kay - As mentioned in my voice mail.?	Please revise the signature pages for E-Next Generation as follows and e-mail back to me.
Please remove her from all	Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.	Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.	Please remove her from all your mail lists.
Starting on the 4th please include any trades with EPMI in your templates and your upload to the FTP server.			Starting on the 4th please include any trades with EPMI in your templates and your upload to the FTP server.
If not, could you pass along the call in number?	Given that Peace is likely going to try to push legislation to merge the ISO and PX and other nasty things, likely makes sense to listen in on our message development, tactics in addressing the LMP problem.. You think there d be any problem with that?	You think there d be any problem with that?	If not, could you pass along the call in number?
Please create a new CPR index report and have it sort 1st byPub Code, 2 nd by			Please create a new CPR index report and have it sort 1st byPub Code, 2 nd by pipe, 3rd by zone.
me a call at 3-1808 and we can get you on Steve s calendar.	Attached is Steve Kean s presentation.. Are you available for lunch with Steve on Monday, January 8th?	Are you available for lunch with Steve on Monday, January 8th?	Please give me a call at 3-1808 and we can get you on Steve s calendar.
Will you copy Christer and Bill Williams with the daily purchases.	Kate,	Kate,	Will you copy Christer and Bill Williams with the daily purchases.
Please review...	these too!. thanks. Kate-	Kate-	Please review... Deal 589940.01, comment says David Porter entered.
Could you have someone send me a list of the different	Tagg IM-CENT-MID INTRA-CNT-GULF INTRA-NGPL-STRG INTRA-CNT-MKT INTRA-CNT-MKT2 INTRA-PARKLOAN INTRA-GD-TRANS INTRA-CENTRAL INTRA-CNT-NEW. INTRA-ONTARIO INTRA-ONT-CAD FT-ONT-CENTRAL FT-ONT-CEN-GDL. FT-CENTRAL FT-CENTRAL-GD FT-CENTRAL-CAN. Sitara ENA-IM Central ENA-IM Mkt Central CG ENA-IM Mkt Central MICH ENA IM Central Transport ENA-IM Ontario. The Sitara group is getting prepared to be converting all cash desk financial deals into Sitara.	The Sitara group is getting prepared to be converting all cash desk financial deals into Sitara.	Could you have someone send me a list of the different books used in Tagg to book deals for the Central cash desk.
give me a call today	what s up froggy.. we ve finally slowed down over here.	we ve finally slowed down over here.	give me a call today if you get a chance.
Would you email me confirm   1148026.			Would you email me confirm PHONE .
submit your name to me no later than the close of business on Tuesday,	A position has recently become available for an Assistant Trader working on the short-term Southwest trading desk reporting toTom Alonso and Mark Fischer.. As an Assistant Trader, you will be responsible for the following duties.. Become familiar with daily Southwest position spreadsheets.. Understand deal capture systems and position/VAR reporting.. Gain an understanding of daily trading flow and key fundamentals that affect underlying commodity price.. Research fundamental supply and demand data, provide results to traders and fundamental group.. Become familiar with Enron Online stack manager.. Understand OASIS transmission reservation process, look for value in transmission opportunities and transact approved transmission reservations.. Research and understand volume management process and CA settlement fees.. Gain understanding of scheduling process.. Various other duties as assigned.. If you have any questions about the role or would like more information, please see Tom or Mark.	If you have any questions about the role or would like more information, please see Tom or Mark.	If you are interested in this position, please submit your name to me no later than the close of business on Tuesday, February 13th.
Could you sign off ASAP.	Justy,. I don t think there is any problem with this.. But since Harry told me to run it by you, I am.	But since Harry told me to run it by you, I am.	Could you sign off ASAP.
Could you set him up, at least with a temporary password?	I have a customer that would like to be set up on Enron Online.. He is a wimby and under our contract with him, he will back to back each trade with public Service Company of colorado.. In other words, he doesn t have his own credit.	In other words, he doesn t have his own credit.	Could you set him up, at least with a temporary password?
When you get a chance, would you please contact Pete at  505  828-2801.	Max, I spoke to Pete Metzner of METRIC Corporation about the status of the environmental assessment you need for the above project and he said that he has received the packet you sent him but he needs to have additional clearification on some items which are pertinant for completing the EA.. Mr. Metzner was concerned that he would not be able to complete the EA by the specified time unless he discussed these issues with you.. METRIC has extensive experience with environmental assessments, but is not familiar with pipeline terminology and pipeline actions proposed uder the agreement with the Office of Pipeline Safety.	METRIC has extensive experience with environmental assessments, but is not familiar with pipeline terminology and pipeline actions proposed uder the agreement with the Office of Pipeline Safety.	When you get a chance, would you please contact Pete at PHONE .
I have made redline changes with comments, please review, and see if	Debra,	Debra,	I have made redline changes with comments, please review, and see if everything is correct.
Please comment.			Please comment.
Kenny would you please check to see if any of the contracts to be terminated	Per the below request, please prepare Termination Letters for the following contracts.. Reliant Energy-Entex Global K PHONE PHONE 1-05-001 / Previously Entex PHONE 5-501 Sempra Global K PHONE PHONE 1-502 Sempra Global K PHONE PHONE 1-503. All three contracts are available in LiveLink.. If you do not have access to LiveLink, I can print them for you or we can get them from the File Room on the 37th floor.. Energy Transfer PHONE 8-501 was terminated 02/01/98.. see message below from Jim regarding terminated storage agreements.. Forwarded by Michael Eiben/HOU/ECT on 01/19/2001 01:44 PM. Forwarded by Irene Flynn/HOU/ECT on 01/19/2001 01:02 PM. Irene / Tom:. All of the contracts below can be terminated except for: Texas General Land Office Cannon Interest - Houston Enron North America I assume this will terminate with the sale.. There has not been any activity on the rest for a couple of years.	There has not been any activity on the rest for a couple of years.	Kenny would you please check to see if any of the contracts to be terminated have any residual balances and get with the appropriate individuals to clear up ASAP.
Please respond no later than Monday October 30.	I have no changes to the Intratex case description.. Find below the Litigation and Other Contingencies footnote from the the Jun e 20 30, 2000 Form 10-Q.. Please update the section of the disclosure for which 20 you are responsible for inclusion in the third quarter 2000 Form 10Q .. Als o, 20 please let me know if there are any new items that should be considered.	Als o, 20 please let me know if there are any new items that should be considered.	Please respond no later than Monday October 30.
Can you please provide me with an update?	Frank:. Ellen Su is very anxious to begin trading under this master.	Ellen Su is very anxious to begin trading under this master.	Can you please provide me with an update?
Please forward to Mark Taylor for his review when it is complete.	Victor:. Overall, the presentation looks fine.. Just a few comments;. 1.. When you display images of the countries flags, show less than 50 of the flag if possible.. Possible infringement issues if we depict the entire flag.. 2.. The Front Page: Currently, if a participant can t win a prize, he can t play the game.. If you and Dave change your minds and decide to let such participants play, we need to add an express disclaimer following the statement re Japanese residents to the effect: Residents of can play the game but are ineligible to win prizes due to regulatory restrictions.. 3, Registration Page: Update disclaimer regarding use of registrant information currently in right-hand corner of page as per my latest e-mail.. 4.. The last page refers to Create your own groups .. I m under the impression that we won t have groups.. If this is correct, we need to delete all references to groups.. 5.. How To Play: I understand that this section needs to be drafted.	How To Play: I understand that this section needs to be drafted.	Please forward to Mark Taylor for his review when it is complete.
language, so people won t forget to put it in under required deliveries.	I suggest the attached language be substituted for the current language in the schedules in respect of Engineering Report where a PV/PDP mac is utilized.	I suggest the attached language be substituted for the current language in the schedules in respect of Engineering Report where a PV/PDP mac is utilized.	Tana, maybe this could go as an optional insert under Docs to be Delivered, rather than back in the collateral schedule with the pv/pdp language, so people won t forget to put it in under required deliveries.
Please respond by e-mail.	Please red the paragragh in red below from an e-mail I sent last month..... I need risk to confirm that all counterparties that have master agreements with ECC now 41 counterparties need to be booked with 2 legs as described below in red.. We need this confirmation from risk as soon as possible.. We are pushing IT to get this logic in place and don t want anything to blow up for risk.	We are pushing IT to get this logic in place and don t want anything to blow up for risk.	Please respond by e-mail.
Please  confirm that this is acceptable.	Sara,. Please note on the attachment that there has been a change as to who the Clearing Broker will be.	Please note on the attachment that there has been a change as to who the Clearing Broker will be.	Please confirm that this is acceptable.
Please reference the order tracking number.	Dear Mr. LARRY CAMPBELL:. Thank you for your order.. You bought 80 shares of JNPR Juniper Networks Inc Com at PHONE 00.. ORDER DETAILS: The tracking number for this order is: B-170-AAWT-2875 Order entered at: 13:49:17 on 11/20/00 Order processing began at: 13:49:17 Order executed at: 13:53:06 on 11/20/00. You will receive a printed Datek Online confirmation by postal mail, or by electronic delivery if you are subscribed to that service.. Questions regarding this transaction?. Contact our Customer Support department by e-mailing support datek.com.	Contact our Customer Support department by e-mailing support datek.com.	Please reference the order tracking number.
4.  Please review for clairty and content.			Jon and Ruth, presented below are the comments to the air perimts at 3 and 4.
- Please support the Oxley-LaFalce Amendment.	Just wanted to make sure you had received this.. We have received word that Conyers and House Judiciary Democrats will oppose the Oxley Amendment based on jurisdiction and acceptance of substantial amendments.. We further understand that Gephardt remains supportive of the amendment.. I would encourage as many calls as possible to the list of members below encouraging support of the Oxley/LaFalce Amendment.. Points to keep in mind/mention: - Most of the amendments are necessary to conform bankruptcy statute to the Commodity Futures Modernization Act passed last year.. - Certain other provisions are necesary in order to update the bankruptcy code for financial product netting.. - These are necessary to diminish systemic risk to the financial system.. - This is a bipartisan amendment supported by John LaFalce.	- This is a bipartisan amendment supported by John LaFalce.	- Please support the Oxley-LaFalce Amendment.
Please send via interoffice -- I m at EB2241	Hi Jennifer,. There was some discussion of this, but I haven t agreed to pay for the damage, as it was caused by a 3rd party contractor.. When I was at the house I mentioned the damage to company that s responsible, and told them that we d follow up for reparations.. If you ll forward the invoice a copy will be fine I ll try and run this down and see that it s taken care of.	If you ll forward the invoice a copy will be fine I ll try and run this down and see that it s taken care of.	Please send via interoffice -- I m at EB2241
Bill, can you set up a meeting to discuss credit issues.			Bill, can you set up a meeting to discuss credit issues.
Please clear with Eddy	Please note that all of the communications below are priveleged and confidential attorney client communciations.. What do you think the possible liabilities are from the Toxic Waste created below.. Ouch !!!. Maybe the attorneys need to conduct a seminar.. Please note that all of the communications below are priveleged and confidential attorney client communciations.. In the future, please remember to mark all such emails CONFIDENTIAL/ATTORNEY CLIENT PRIVILEGED COMMUNICATION .. Thank you.. John. this is also an ok approach .	this is also an ok approach .	Please clear with Eddy
Please cut and paste as you will.	I have split out section 4 of the DPL since I received two copies of DPL s request.	I have split out section 4 of the DPL since I received two copies of DPL s request.	Please cut and paste as you will.
Send me your e-mail address at home.			Send me your e-mail address at home.
Please, send to Norma the list of projects Sevil worked on.	Vasant,. I spoke with Norma about getting a special reward for Sevil, in lieu of bonus.	I spoke with Norma about getting a special reward for Sevil, in lieu of bonus.	Please, send to Norma the list of projects Sevil worked on.
Jean - please get in touch with Greg.			Jean - please get in touch with Greg.
Mike - by the way, I meant to ask you at staff this morning -- can you	Phil, Rod Mike -- please find attached a set of slides which will look very familiar to you.. They are the same format as the GTB slides we recently discussed, but are for the Trailblazer bid.. I would like to talk to Stan about this next Monday when we meet to brief him on GTB.. But, since I am out of the office until Friday 2 PRCs and Omaha trip , time is tight.. Do you want to review them Friday in person, before Friday on the phone, put off discussing with Stan, or discuss with Stan without us meeting?. I m very comfortable with this one, and would like to go ahead and put it on Stan s table.	I m very comfortable with this one, and would like to go ahead and put it on Stan s table.	Mike - by the way, I meant to ask you at staff this morning -- can you clarify the memo you and Colleen issued regarding the role of EAMR as only a consultant?
Could you please review this item and see if it should or shouldn t be a sale	We didn t buy anything from Pan Energy at Centana Mobil until April the 3rd.. So, we shouldn t pay for this gas.. D. PanEnergy purchase: Deal 231758.. Gas in the amount of 271 mmbtus for April 1st was purchased from PanEnergy on deal 231758 .. However, scheduling has indicated that they have no sale for that gas on day one and as a result, it is not pathed in the system.	However, scheduling has indicated that they have no sale for that gas on day one and as a result, it is not pathed in the system.	Could you please review this item and see if it should or shouldn t be a sale so that Scheduling can either path April 1st or I can dispute the volume being billed to us by Pan Energy.
Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the following	Current Notes User:. To ensure that you experience a successful migration from Notes to Outlook, it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date of migration.	To ensure that you experience a successful migration from Notes to Outlook, it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date of migration.	Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the following survey.
please take car of.			please take car of.
Can you please provide this information no later than Friday of next week.	In connection with an internal audit regarding the safekeeping of margin funds and securities, Enron Corp. has asked us to provide them with a list of all the exchanges we trade on, what rules govern those exchanges and the products we trade on them in particular the clearing arrangements , and any rules that govern brokers we may maintain funds or cash with.. This should include all the products we may trade/hedge over an exchange including energy commodities, interest rates, currencies, equities, etc.	This should include all the products we may trade/hedge over an exchange including energy commodities, interest rates, currencies, equities, etc.	Can you please provide this information no later than Friday of next week.
send me an electronic copy	Mark,. Considering that we are using US law, can I assume that the Japanese clients will use US PA s and ETA s?. If not, could you please send us the appropriate contracts?. Thanks in advance,. Mario Parra Cardoso EnronOnline. Mark. How are things going?. I just wanted to make 2 requests:. Could I have your notes re: legal FAQ ASAP I have a copy of the PA from the EOL site.	Could I have your notes re: legal FAQ ASAP I have a copy of the PA from the EOL site.	If there were any revisions made to it in order to customize for the Japanese launch, could you please send me an electronic copy
Could you print me a hard copy so I can show you what changes	RE: Notice letter.. We sent out a notice letter to GE last Friday regarding closing of a financing.	We sent out a notice letter to GE last Friday regarding closing of a financing.	Could you print me a hard copy so I can show you what changes need to be made?
please give me a call at your leisure re this.			please give me a call at your leisure re this.
Please reference the order tracking number.	Dear Mr. LARRY CAMPBELL:. Thank you for your order.. You sold 162 shares of JNPR Juniper Networks Inc Com at PHONE 00.. ORDER DETAILS: The tracking number for this order is: B-600-AATR-3150 Order entered at: 12:12:55 on 12/12/00 Order processing began at: 12:12:56 Order executed at: 12:13:06 on 12/12/00. You will receive a printed Datek Online confirmation by postal mail, or by electronic delivery if you are subscribed to that service.. Questions regarding this transaction?. Contact our Customer Support department by e-mailing support datek.com.	Contact our Customer Support department by e-mailing support datek.com.	Please reference the order tracking number.
If so, could you or the originator please contact me	Tom,. I am an analyst with Metals Origination in London and got your name from David Oliver.. Enron Metals is in the process of dealing with White Pine Copper Refinery in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan.. One of the options we are reviewing is returning a dormant generator to operation and selling the excess power.. Natural gas is delivered to White Pine through an Enron pipeline.. The generator can run on either natural gas or coal.. Several years ago 96 or 97 , Enron contacted White Pine previously owned by BHP Copper White Pine Refinery on numerous occasions about running the powerhouse on gas and they would get the excess power to market.. The idea at the time was they had excess natural gas and wanted White Pine to run the generators on gas.. Would you know anything about this deal or who the originator was?	Would you know anything about this deal or who the originator was?	If so, could you or the originator please contact me regarding the details.
Can you work with Greg and Georgeanne ahead of time on	Please put this on your calendars - I would like for both of you to attend.. Should Jeff and Stacey be there, too?. This will be a meeting that we should have regularly with Wes and team so that can jointly review any exposures and make timely decisions on how to handle those.. I am sure that there is some prep work that needs to be done for this meeting.. I would assume that we should cover A/R, UA4, imbalances, weird or over/undervalued deals in risk books, OA, etc.	I would assume that we should cover A/R, UA4, imbalances, weird or over/undervalued deals in risk books, OA, etc.	Can you work with Greg and Georgeanne ahead of time on content and have necessary back up to discuss highlights.
If you could send me the list, I will forward them to the TDS developers.	In order for the physical desks to roll out positions into TDS, a mapping is required between the Org region code used in Portcalc for the physical calc and the related Tagg book code that is used for that region.. An example would be similar to:. Org Region Code Tagg Book Code CENTRAGULF FT-INTRA-GULF This is just an example and might not be a valid grouping. TDS knows the Tagg books to pick up, it just does not know which physical region codes that are related to it.. Can you provide for your desk all Org Region Codes used on your desk, and what Tagg Book it would relate to.	Can you provide for your desk all Org Region Codes used on your desk, and what Tagg Book it would relate to.	If you could send me the list, I will forward them to the TDS developers.
Please respond to jeffseely ceo netstock.com			Jeff Seely jeffseely ceo netstock.com on 05/08/2000 11:18:28 PM Please respond to jeffseely ceo netstock.com To: sshackl enron.com cc: Subject: ShareBuilder Update
To enroll, please send a fax to Beth Vitiello at  1 617 441 6898, or enroll via	Title: Conference Call with OPEC S President--Chakib Khelil, Minister of Energy and Mines of Algeria URL s :. http://www20.cera.com/eprofile?u 35 m 2786;. http://www20.cera.com/eprofile?u 35 m 2787;. GLOBAL ENERGY CONFERENCE CALL: THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 10:00am EST. We would like to announce a unique opportunity to participate in a CERA Global Energy Conference Call with OPEC President Chakib Khelil on OPEC s current oil market strategy.. Mr. Khelil has offered to discuss OPEC s current position with CERA clients, while major market decisions are being made.. What is the impact of current OPEC decisions on world oil prices?. Is OPEC s decision really conditional on non-OPEC participation?. What level of non-OPEC participation is deemed sufficient?. Market share versus price defense strategy Supply and demand assessment for next year After September 11, is the 22/28 price band still relevant?. FORMAT Our speakers will address these topics for 30 minutes.. SPEAKERS Chakib Khelil, Minister of Energy and Mines of Algeria, President of OPEC Daniel Yergin, Chairman, Cambridge Energy Research Associates Joseph A. Stanislaw, President and Chief Executive Officer, Cambridge Energy Research Associates Vera de Ladoucette, Director, Middle East Research, Cambridge Energy Research Associates. ELIGIBILITY Clients eligible to participate in this conference call are those who subscribe to CERA Advisory Services.	ELIGIBILITY Clients eligible to participate in this conference call are those who subscribe to CERA Advisory Services.	TO ENROLL To enroll, please send a fax to Beth Vitiello at PHONE , or enroll via e-mail at bvitiello cera.com, before 9:00 A.M., Thursday, November 15, 2001.
Please give me the locations for the 6th   8th deals.			Please give me the locations for the 6th 8th deals.
Leslie, would you please put these numbers together for us?			Leslie, would you please put these numbers together for us?
can you reverify the deal ID.			can you reverify the deal ID.
please print and file in diomedes christodolou s file. thanks.			please print and file in diomedes christodolou s file.
Please autoschedule and approve.	These are done.. Have a good weekend!. Kate. Kate,	Kate,	Please autoschedule and approve.
Please assess your hiring needs for 2001, and include that information in	Cathy, can you send the following to everyone presenting at the offsite	Cathy, can you send the following to everyone presenting at the offsite	Please assess your hiring needs for 2001, and include that information in your 20 minute presentations.
Would you send me copies of	Attached is a draft of Oneok for your review.	Attached is a draft of Oneok for your review.	Would you send me copies of the amended guaranties you refer to in your comments on the credit sheet.
Please forward these templates to any one else in your group who may wish to	please print and put in binder with labels thanks. We are in the process of reviewing and upgrading our pulp, paper, lumber and steel trading contract documentation platforms.. Attached for your review and comments are the draft Master and Sample GTCs and Confirms for these commodities.. Please forward any comments with specific language changes to me by March 1st.. You are invited to a meeting March 2 at 11: 00 a.m. in EB38C1 to discuss any proposed changes.	You are invited to a meeting March 2 at 11: 00 a.m. in EB38C1 to discuss any proposed changes.	Please forward these templates to any one else in your group who may wish to review and comment on.
would appreciate if you would mention the role to him and ask him to give me	Mike:. Hope you had a safe trip home.. During the reception when you and Mark were here, I talked about the need for an additonal senior Enron guy with project development experience and said I was talking with two internal candidates at the time.. Both have fizzled out.. I seem to recall you mentioned Rick might be available/interested if we could get over his possible title and reporting concerns Senior VP and Management Committee Member at E-Power reporting to our Japanese president, Mr. Seguchi .	I seem to recall you mentioned Rick might be available/interested if we could get over his possible title and reporting concerns Senior VP and Management Committee Member at E-Power reporting to our Japanese president, Mr. Seguchi .	If you think this is an option, I would appreciate if you would mention the role to him and ask him to give me a call or send me an e-mail and I will follow-up.
you the newest and most innovative financial products on the market, please	Give Us Your Feeback and You Could Win Cool Cash At Enron Federal Credit Union, we are continually looking for ways to improve, and bring you the products and services that help simplify your life, like on-line banking and e-Statements.	Give Us Your Feeback and You Could Win Cool Cash At Enron Federal Credit Union, we are continually looking for ways to improve, and bring you the products and services that help simplify your life, like on-line banking and e-Statements.	To ensure we continue to offer you the newest and most innovative financial products on the market, please take 2 minutes to answer this short survey found at the following address:
Please review the attached GTC confirm to see if this is what you want.			Lee, Please review the attached GTC confirm to see if this is what you want.
The form is generic, so please complete it with	NESA MEMBERS,. Attached is your copy of our 2001 Calendar of Events.. You will see me email more details out about these classes and brown bags through out the year.. I am also attaching a registration form for anyone who knows they would like to attend a class now.	I am also attaching a registration form for anyone who knows they would like to attend a class now.	The form is generic, so please complete it with details regarding the class name and dates!
Can you help them with this?			Can you help them with this?
To subscribe to the list by e-mail, send a blank e-mail to	Do you have the skills you need to get a good job?. If you want to secure your future, you need training.. http://links.quinstreet.com/adclick?area fensuihagunduo. The Word of the Day for October 18 is:. rife RYFE adjective 1 : prevalent especially to an increasing degree 2 : abundant, common 3 : copiously supplied : abounding. Example sentence: Nature is rife with cheats.. Think of the bumblebee who sucks nectar and darts away without pollinating the flower.. Erik Stokstad, New Scientist , July 27, 1996. Did you know?. English is rife with words that have Germanic connections, many of which have been handed down to us from Old English.. Rife is one of those words -- it s related to Middle Low German rive, meaning abundant.. Not a whole lot has changed with rife in its 900-year history.. We continue to use the word, as we have since the 12th century, for negative things, especially those that are widespread or prevalent.. Typical examples are shoplifting was rife or rife with misspelled words.. Rumors and speculation are frequently described as rife as well.. But rife can also be appropriately used, as it has been for hundreds of years, for good or neutral things.. For example, you might speak of the summer garden, rife with scents.. Indicates the sense illustrated in the example sentence.. Brought to you by Merriam-Webster, Inc. http://www.Merriam-Webster.com. Discover the meanings you ve been missing!. Click here for your guide to over 900 allusions.. http://www.merriam-webster.com/book/writref/allusion.htm. Visit http://www.Merriam-Webster.com/service/subinst.htm to subscribe to or unsubscribe from the Word of the Day mailing list.	Visit http://www.Merriam-Webster.com/service/subinst.htm to subscribe to or unsubscribe from the Word of the Day mailing list.	To subscribe to the list by e-mail, send a blank e-mail to mw-wod-subscribe-request listserv.webster.m-w.com.
Please review the consulting agreement.			Sara, Please review the consulting agreement.
Can you send me the flight numbers for the America West debacle we just	Hey Mom,	Hey Mom,	Can you send me the flight numbers for the America West debacle we just experienced?
Can you try to locate a copy of this contract for me.			Can you try to locate a copy of this contract for me.
Please, call me if Elena is not in the office on Wednesday.	Elena,. Can you, please, help wiht this request?. Kevin,	Kevin,	Please, call me if Elena is not in the office on Wednesday.
Please provide me your current personal ENE stock holdings as of 12/31/00.	long 50 Jan 02 110 calls.. short 50 Jan 01 70 puts.. I am in the process of updating the quarterly report that is provided to the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors which details Executive Committee member stock holdings.	I am in the process of updating the quarterly report that is provided to the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors which details Executive Committee member stock holdings.	Please provide me your current personal ENE stock holdings as of 12/31/00.
Legale - In Toby s absence, would you please post these 2 ROFR notices on			Legale - In Toby s absence, would you please post these 2 ROFR notices on Transwestern s Internet site under available capacity today and remove them on 7/31/00?
Could you please amend Oneok Bushton Processing, Inc. transportation contract			Michelle, Could you please amend Oneok Bushton Processing, Inc. transportation contract 25374 to extend the term through November 2000, at the same rate and MDQ that we have for October 2000.
Can you get with me this	Darren,. Changes for 6/23...... I will be taking over the duties Ami has been handling effective July 1st in coordinating changes will Devon.. This is June, but Jan is already sending me changes.	This is June, but Jan is already sending me changes.	Can you get with me this afternoon or tomorrow and let me know who I should send changes to?
Pls review the Executive list file on N: Homedept Tw nng Acctman TW-Exec			Pls review the Executive list file on N: Homedept Tw nng Acctman TW-Exec list.doc.
Please, review this trip with me.	Shirley,	Shirley,	Please, review this trip with me.
Check out ENE over the last 30 days.			Check out ENE over the last 30 days.
Check out the following dates/times for a training session on HPL			Check out the following dates/times for a training session on HPL operations/gas flows/points.
When you get a chance, would you path out deal 211642 please?			When you get a chance, would you path out deal 211642 please?
Please e-mail me or call sometime today.	Francisco,. I have verified that there are no obstacles for Enron to do a deal with a Chilean company from Houston.. If you have also made sure that there aren t any legal problems from your side, all we have to do is agree on a price.	If you have also made sure that there aren t any legal problems from your side, all we have to do is agree on a price.	Please e-mail me or call sometime today.
I will list them below and I ask that you please look it over  and make any necessary corrections.	Hello Speakers!. My name is Joanna Vidal and I am the coordinator for the Financial Mathematics Training course being in held on the following dates: London on June 28 29 New York on July 9 10 Houston on July 16 17 I am in the process of preparing the speaker packs which will include an updated contact information sheet with all your details.. You will receive this pack shortly after you confirm your addresses.	You will receive this pack shortly after you confirm your addresses.	I will list them below and I ask that you please look it over and make any necessary corrections.
Please cc the following distribution list with updates:			Please cc the following distribution list with updates:
excluding real time  please shut down your computer before leaving tonight.	At approximately 5:00pm Tice Electrical will be shutting down partial power in the first two rows of the trading floor.. Anything plugged into the orange colored outlets will not be affected, however any workstations, monitors, or anything else not plugged into the orange outlets will lose power for about 15-20 minutes.. The two Real Time desks will not be affected with any power loss but it s possible other workstations within these two rows might lose power.. If anyone is still in the office and working you will receive fair warning before the outage takes place.	If anyone is still in the office and working you will receive fair warning before the outage takes place.	Everyone in the first two rows excluding real time please shut down your computer before leaving tonight.
Please call 800-721-9191 or send us an email so that we can arrange for you	Dear Kenneth,. In the Internet/Intranet security world time is everything.. Some security vendors are using Certificate Revocation Lists CRL to revoke user privileges.. This can be very dangerous to your data!. We would like to show you how Xcert enables its customers to immediately revoke all network privileges from former employees, customers and business partners while protecting their company data and assets.. We are the only digital certificate company that provides this real-time revocation capability because our products were built on the Internet to work on the Internet.	We are the only digital certificate company that provides this real-time revocation capability because our products were built on the Internet to work on the Internet.	Please call PHONE or send us an email so that we can arrange for you to talk to one of our Account Representatives who can show you how Xcert protects your data in real-time.
Please register Wincenty J.  Vince  Kaminski, Managing Director, Research			Please register Wincenty J. Vince Kaminski, Managing Director, Research Enron Wholesale Services, to the subject conference to be held in Houston on June 22, 2001.
I need your help with this confirmation please.	Yes. Dan,. I m very impressed with your prompt reply - thank you !. The document looks good.. Can we use this as a template for further buyback confirmations ?. Rgds, Ellen x54099. Ellen, Please review the attached modified documents to see if it correctly reflects the deal.. Dan,	Dan,	I need your help with this confirmation please.
Kindly cc me on your comments.	Stacey!. ACN Energy Inc. is currently guaranteed by its parent American Communications Network, Inc., however Aquila Inc., currently has a business relationship with this counterparty and is willing to provide a guaranty in its favor.. Kindly review the attached guaranty language and forward to Elden Condie at the listed email address for execution.. The amount of guarantee we will like to have is 1.5MM.	The amount of guarantee we will like to have is 1.5MM.	Kindly cc me on your comments.
Could you forward the attachment referenced in your email?			Could you forward the attachment referenced in your email?
Please ask Mary Cook to review the Engage Canada Guaranty from West Coast.	Mary,. Per my voice mail to you, I am updating you on the status of the ISDA s we have sent to Engage:. 1 Engage Energy US, LP: I spoke to Luke Mickum, the legal person at Engage US PHONE , this morning.. He is looking into what issues need to be reviewed/discussed.. According to Carol there are no open issues.. If that is the case can we send executed copy s of the ISDA to him for signature.. Before it is sent off, we need to make sure the correct changes have been made to the Credit Annex, as the credit support provider has changed from my original credit worksheet.. I am not sure if Carol had made those changes in her drafts.. 2 Engage Energy Canada, LP According to the Lotus Notes Database, the draft amendment of this contract was also sent to Luke, although he is the US lawyer.. A draft needs to be sent to the Canadian Lawyer, Suzzi Sethi PHONE .. She sent us a draft guaranty for review with the guarantor West Coast Gas Inc.. This counterparty is the new guarantor for Engage Canada and the ISDA Credt Annex needs to be updated accordingly.. Once again, we need to make sure the Credit information is still correct in the original draft.. I have given a copy of the guaranty to Tana, can you please review this and provide your comments to Suzzi.. Please let me know if you require any additional information.. Thank you,. Russell. Russell: I am working with Tana on the Engage US amendment.. There should be no open issues, but before I left I sent some e-mails to Luke Mickum, their attorney which he never responded to.	There should be no open issues, but before I left I sent some e-mails to Luke Mickum, their attorney which he never responded to.	Tana, Please ask Mary Cook to review the Engage Canada Guaranty from West Coast.
Please complete or decline these requests as soon as possible by logging into PEP at http://pep.enron.com and selecting Complete Feedback from the Main Menu.	MAY, LAWRENCE J, The PEP system closes on Friday, May 25, 2001 Our records indicate that you have been requested to provide feedback on one or more Enron employees.. The deadline for completing feedback is Friday, May 25th.. Below is a list of feedback requests with a status of OPEN .	Below is a list of feedback requests with a status of OPEN .	Please complete or decline these requests as soon as possible by logging into PEP at http://pep.enron.com and selecting Complete Feedback from the Main Menu.
Jeff - please put these items together.	Ken Lay spoke with several California CEOs this morning and urged them to get personally involved in pushing for a comprehensive set of reforms.. Three expressed willingness to help.. Scott McNealy Sun : contact person - Piper Cole piper.cole sun.com ; scott.mcnealy engeng.sun.com.. Mcnealy wants, by close of business today, a cheat sheet of the talking points to use with politicians the 8 or 10 elements of the solution with the expected comeback he may hear from the political leaders and our response to that comeback.. He says he hasn t spent time working on issues in Sacremento so we may also want to include a list of suggested contacts.. Kevin Sharer Amgen : contact person - Sarah Jensen, VP of Engineering and Operations PHONE ; ksharer amgen.com.. Sharer wants the same information as McNealy and he and McNealy both indicated their willingness to call a meeting of other California CEOs.. Sharer will also be having breakfast with Hertzberg one week from today.. Robert Day Trust Co of the West : said that he is very close to the mayor of Los Angeles.. He urged Ken to call the mayor mentioning Day .. Ken would like some talking points for that call.	Ken would like some talking points for that call.	Jeff - please put these items together.
Can you, please, help with these prices?	Elena,	Elena,	Can you, please, help with these prices?
Could you find one please			Could you find one please
Please reference the order tracking number.	Dear Mr. LARRY CAMPBELL:. Thank you for your order.. You bought 6 JNPR May 80 Call at 0.250000.. ORDER DETAILS: The tracking number for this order is: N-600-AABF-8103 Order entered at: 14:32:50 on 05/08/01 Order processing began at: 14:32:50 Order executed at: 14:34:44 on 05/08/01. You will receive a printed Datek Online confirmation by postal mail, or by electronic delivery if you are subscribed to that service.. Questions regarding this transaction?. Contact our Customer Support department by e-mailing support datek.com.	Contact our Customer Support department by e-mailing support datek.com.	Please reference the order tracking number.
Please send a revised draft of the ISDA  no credit changes  to the following			Please send a revised draft of the ISDA no credit changes to the following contact via overnight delivery today per the request of Scott Shields.
Please, register me.	Shirley,	Shirley,	Please, register me.
Also, if you have time, could you send me a definition of Intra-Month Risk?	Phillip,. I will get a room for our Wednesday 10:00 meeting and e-mail you with the room number.. FYI, our goal is to discuss the expert path best answers for the storage problem and to ask you some specific questions regarding storage.	FYI, our goal is to discuss the expert path best answers for the storage problem and to ask you some specific questions regarding storage.	Also, if you have time, could you send me a definition of Intra-Month Risk?
Please take a minute and let me know if any of these represent us, and the general level of representation.	I don t know any of them, although I am familiar with Vinson Elkins--they are an excellent firm.. We have been given a new list of potential arbitrators.	We have been given a new list of potential arbitrators.	Please take a minute and let me know if any of these represent us, and the general level of representation.
added, please send the names and the company name and we will put them into	This probably happened because he is a daily or hourly trader and in the past we have not seen these deals to see the notes to add the contacts.. With the change in the criteria for confirmation, we will now view these deals and add the contacts as they come across.	With the change in the criteria for confirmation, we will now view these deals and add the contacts as they come across.	If anyone has a list of contacts they want added, please send the names and the company name and we will put them into the system.
Would you put language to	Hello Mark and Brent,. Attached is the steel swap Term Sheet and the natural gas swap term sheet.. We are offering Hylsamex a discounted fixed price natural gas financial swap and in return for this discount, we will be buying fixed price steel financial from Hylsamex.. The discounted natural gas swap is contingent upon our receiving discounted steel from Hylsamex.	The discounted natural gas swap is contingent upon our receiving discounted steel from Hylsamex.	Would you put language to these swaps so as to make the gas swap contingent upon the steel swap.
Please review the attachment to learn more about Enron 01,s onsite childcar	We are proud to announce that Enron will partner with Knowledge Beginnings, 20 one of the leaders in the childcare industry, to provide high quality, 20 conveniently located, customer service-oriented childcare for Enron employe es 20 in Houston.. Knowledge Beginnings is a part of the Knowledge Universe 20 Company, a family of companies focused on lifelong learning.. Our childcare center will be located on Louisiana Street across from our 20 corporate headquarters.. The anticipated opening date is the fall of 2001.. 20 Any full-time or part-time Enron employee who will have a child/children 20 between the ages of six weeks and four years by the opening date of the 20 center will be eligible to utilize the center.	20 Any full-time or part-time Enron employee who will have a child/children 20 between the ages of six weeks and four years by the opening date of the 20 center will be eligible to utilize the center.	Please review the attachment to learn more about Enron 01,s onsite childcar e 20 center.
Please review and call me	Randy,. Attached is a clean version and a redlined version of the above-referenced document which incorporates the changes that we discussed with the exception of the end of Section 4.2, Section 4.5 and Section 4.6.. That language was added based on what our credit department wants.	That language was added based on what our credit department wants.	Please review and call me with any comments PHONE .
Please e-mail the call-in number to me  also leave me voice mail please... as	Hi Kate,. Can you please set up a conference call-in number for this Thursday afternoon 4-5:30 pm Portland time for 4 different ports.	Can you please set up a conference call-in number for this Thursday afternoon 4-5:30 pm Portland time for 4 different ports.	Please e-mail the call-in number to me also leave me voice mail please... as traveling I can t always access e-mail quickly , Dale Rasmussen, moconnell stoel.com and ktakahashi stoel.com.
If you can please bring a copy with you this afternnon.	David: What is the name of the Reliant entity that the other deal is booked under?	David: What is the name of the Reliant entity that the other deal is booked under?	If you can please bring a copy with you this afternnon.
Please contact the ISC Call Center at  713  345-4727.	Can you approve this invoice or show me how to get into this system?. Thank you,. Phillip. Original Message. Alert!. You are receiving this message because you have an unresolved invoice in your iPayit in-box that is past due.. It is critical that you login to iPayit and take immediate action to resolve this invoice.. Remember, you play an important role in ensuring that we pay our vendors on time.. Tip!. : You must login to the system to forward this invoice to another user.. You are receiving this message because you have an unresolved invoice in your iPayit in-box that is past due.. Please login to iPayit and resolve this invoice as soon as possible.. To launch iPayit, click on the link below: http://iPayit.enron.com Note: Your iPayit User ID and Password are your eHRonline/SAP Personnel ID and Password.. First time iPayit user?. For training materials, click on the link below: http://sap.enron.com/sap doclib/user/file list.asp?cabinet id 265. Need help?	Need help?	Please contact the ISC Call Center at PHONE .
Given Stan s message to them  Kathy--pls forward Stan s	Cool--my law beanie is getting a little tight lately.. Stan communicated to 20 Oneok that we want to keep the dialogue going and that arbitrating the 20 measurement issue is necessary so we can clear it out of the way and allow 20 everyone to focus on bigger issues.. I don t know if they bought it, but if 20 we approach them maybe at the Stan level with potential business deals it 20 will tend to validate the message Stan sent them.. We haven t heard anythin g 20 since we launched the arbitration on Friday, so I m not sure if they are 20 ballistic or not.	We haven t heard anythin g 20 since we launched the arbitration on Friday, so I m not sure if they are 20 ballistic or not.	Given Stan s message to them Kathy--pls forward Stan s 20 letter to Jeff I think he ought to either raise the West Texas line himsel f 20 or else tee it up by calling his counterparts and letting them know what we re 20 up to so there is no confusion.
Please give me your feedback.	I m putting the finishing touches on the agenda for the Management Conference.. With General Norman Schwarzkopf and Gary Hamel scheduled to speak, this year s program is superb.. Currently, there is time on the agenda to include two 30 minute business unit presentations or another outside speaker.. Since we already have four external speakers and last year s feedback indicated an interest in hearing from internal leadership, I am proposing the business unit presentations -- specifically, Global Markets and Industrial Markets.	Since we already have four external speakers and last year s feedback indicated an interest in hearing from internal leadership, I am proposing the business unit presentations -- specifically, Global Markets and Industrial Markets.	Please give me your feedback.
Would you mind calling him and telling him that	Larry left me a voice mail.	Larry left me a voice mail.	Would you mind calling him and telling him that I am tied up on a conference call that is likely to last until 500, so I can t call him until after then.
Please discuss whatever necessary with the traders to help me improve the speed and accuracy of my research.	Dear Traders,. Here are a couple of things I ve thought of that will make it easier for me to research deals when there is a dispute.	Here are a couple of things I ve thought of that will make it easier for me to research deals when there is a dispute.	Please discuss whatever necessary with the traders to help me improve the speed and accuracy of my research.
would you do me a favor and send me Ken Kaspar s e-mail add at Dow.			would you do me a favor and send me Ken Kaspar s e-mail add at Dow.
Before I  set-up the video conferencing, would you ket me	We are looking to schedule our next meeting for OCT. 23 as this works w/Mark H s schedule.	We are looking to schedule our next meeting for OCT. 23 as this works w/Mark H s schedule.	Before I set-up the video conferencing, would you ket me know if 10/23 works for you w/ a 10/9 date as a back-up?
Would you please follow up with Becky Kalmick at ANPower if we don t receive			Ed/Genia: Would you please follow up with Becky Kalmick at ANPower if we don t receive this guarantee amendment see the note at the bottom early next week?
Please confirm which are	Carol St. Clair EB 38 PHONE Phone PHONE Fax carol.st.clair enron.com. Here is a spreadsheet of deals done since 3/19/01, the closing date for the transfer.. Locke indicated that the deals in yellow are the ones that are Merrill deals.. The ones in blue were traded the day of the closing and were supposed to be netted and were not included on the transfer exhibit.. Therefore, they stayed as Merrill in our books.	Therefore, they stayed as Merrill in our books.	Please confirm which are Merrill deals and which are Allegheny.
Please review my review of	Mr. Campbell,. Here is my review of the Kingman Class I permit.	Here is my review of the Kingman Class I permit.	Please review my review of the transition period operating hour limitations.
Pilot Agreement - Please return the pilot agreement electronically by	We are excited to extend an invitation to you to participate in the second Pilot of Enron s new ClickAtHome program.. You have been invited to participate by your Human Resources department or a ClickAtHome project member.. The ClickAtHome program is Enron s new innovative program to provide eligible employees high-speed internet access where available, with a high-end computer and high-speed internet connection.. If you are interested in participating in the ClickAtHome pilot program, please read all of the materials below and electronically return the PILOT Agreement with your consent by stating that you accept the terms and conditions of the agreement in a reply e-mail to this invitation.. Pilot Kickoff2 11-2.ppt - Details pilot member expectations, commitments, and a tentative pilot time table.. Terms and Conditions - Program terms and conditions.. You will be asked to accept or decline these terms and conditions before you order your computer and/or internet connection on the pilot web site.. Employee Election Agreement - Please read.. You will be asked to accept or decline this agreement before you order your computer and/or internet connection on the pilot web site.	You will be asked to accept or decline this agreement before you order your computer and/or internet connection on the pilot web site.	Pilot Agreement - Please return the pilot agreement electronically by replying to this mailbox clickathomepilot2 enron.com and stating: I accept the terms and conditions of this Pilot Participant Agreement.
give me a call when you	i have kept in touch with Gildea and Brechbuhl.. i didn t really know Eckberg very well.. Powell is now an FCC commissioner, though i haven t kept in touch with him either.. i don t know if you remember james conforti, but i recently saw gildea and brechbuhl at his wedding in february.	i don t know if you remember james conforti, but i recently saw gildea and brechbuhl at his wedding in february.	give me a call when you get a chance.
P.S. Charlene, please include Paulo in your May 22, 2000 start group.			-Origin: Kaminski-V X-FileName: vkamins.nsf
Please call 1.800.292.4380, or look on the mailing	The November issue of the Gilder Technology Report will be posted to www.gildertech.com/logon.asp on Wednesday November 21st, mid-afternoon, Eastern Daylight Time.. If you are an AOL user or are having difficulty accessing the site, please visit: http://www.gildertech.com/public/help.html. Forget your user ID?	Forget your user ID?	Please call PHONE , or look on the mailing label from the envelope your GTR was mailed in.
Please review and let me know if you have any comments, esp. para.			Yes, it s technically true, but it doesn t seem relevant.
Relations and Training, please send an e-mail to custsvc pjm.com.	Message sent from the pjm-customer-info mailing list at pjm-customer-info majordomo.pjm.com:. The PJM Interconnection, L.L.C.. filed the PJM Customer Load Reduction Pilot Program with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission FERC on Friday July 7.. This innovative program pays participants to reduce their own load or operate backup generation to produce a beneficial load reduction for the grid during PJM emergency events at times of peak demand.. We are excited about this program that will provide an important resource during times of high electricity usage.. The program will augment the region s well-established emergency procedures stated Bruce Balmat, Vice President, System Operations.. The pilot program was developed in response to a May 17, 2000 FERC notice and is in effect through September 30, 2000.. A full description of the program and PJM s filing, including participation requirements and procedures, can be found on the PJM website www.pjm.com .. Those interested in participating in the program should complete a registration form indicating their load reduction plan.. Those who are not already PJM Members, will become special non-voting members with membership fees waived.. Please DO NOT REPLY to this message.	Please DO NOT REPLY to this message.	If you have a question for PJM Customer Relations and Training, please send an e-mail to custsvc pjm.com.
Please call him about this.			Russell: Please call him about this.
Send me a new download, I want to see if the changes worked.			Send me a new download, I want to see if the changes worked.
Please use the next week to clean up our database of delivery locations and regions currently still in Enpower.			Please use the next week to clean up our database of delivery locations and regions currently still in Enpower.
Could you send me three brochures?	Hi there,	Hi there,	Could you send me three brochures?
Please follow the steps below for a successful log in.			Please follow the steps below for a successful log in.
Please notify us	Looks like they have re-surfaced.. Kay. Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 04/23/2001 08:58 AM. This e-mail is confidential and may well also be legally privileged.. If you have received it in error, you are on notice of its status.	If you have received it in error, you are on notice of its status.	Please notify us immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message from your system.
Can you please check into BP Canada injecting more than their FDD contract quantity.	Lynn,	Lynn,	Can you please check into BP Canada injecting more than their FDD contract quantity.
please call my assistant, Norma, at X53879.	I will be out of the office until June 13.	I will be out of the office until June 13.	If you need immediate assistance, please call my assistant, Norma, at X53879.
As an added bonus, send your holiday gifts for delivery by 12/20/00 and	SAVE 10 !. The holidays are fast approaching!. FTD.COM wants to make it easier for you to get some gifts crossed off your list and give you more time to enjoy the season.. And to make it more enticing, if you order from this email you can SAVE 10 .. http://www.ftd.com/holiday2. GET A FREE SPRINT LONG DISTANCE PHONE CARD!	GET A FREE SPRINT LONG DISTANCE PHONE CARD!	As an added bonus, send your holiday gifts for delivery by 12/20/00 and receive a FREE 30-minute Sprint long distance phone card, compliments of FTD.COM.
Please do not forget to send me the update on Canadian agreements.			Please do not forget to send me the update on Canadian agreements.
Could you call Jack Loftis or Sweeney at  the Chronicle?	The Chronicle is developing a front page story based on a Garnett Coleman idea to change state law to allow Sports Authority tax funds to go to fund public hospitals.. ?. It is my judgement that this story and the spin afterwards could easily shave 10 points off our yes s and make this a horserace again.. ?. It is even worse than the stealth tax increase in 96 because it cuts to the heart of voters objections to the funding of sports facilities.. And it takes away our reponse that this money cannot legally ever be used to fund hospitals or education.. This was the basis of their successful attack in 99. only this time we don t have any real response.. ?. The Chronicle has delayed this story for one day.. ?. I won t waste your time reviewing the various things we have done to spin this better.. We have done many things.. But it is like putting bandaids on a gaping chest wound.. ?	?	Could you call Jack Loftis or Sweeney at the Chronicle?
Please fill out the registration form and fax it back to us at 303-741-0849.	FYI. Dear Colleague:. Electric Utility Consultants, Inc. EUCI , a leading provider of cutting-edge conferences designed exclusively for electric utility industry professionals is offering the following conferences and courses:. 1 .. Reliability Centered Maintenance Conferences, May 23-27, Vail, Colorado. 2 .. Power Delivery Reliability Conference, June 19-20, 2000, Denver, Colorado and Congestion Management Conference, June 22-23, 2000, Denver, Colorado.. 3 .. Short Courses i Independent/Merchant Power Plant Development, May 17-19, 2000, ii Modern Power Distribution Planning, June 7-9, 2000, iii Distributed Power Generation, July 26-28, 2000, iv Reliability-Based Engineering for Power Distribution Systems, August 2-4, 2000, and v Transmission Capacity Planning Under FERC Order 2000, September 13-15, 2000.. All courses to be held at Westin Hotel, Denver, Colorado. 4 Generating Plant Maintenance Conference, July 18-19, 2000, and Generating Plant Efficiency Process Improvement Conference, July 20-21, 2000, Denver, Colorado. The brochures for these events are attached herewith.. The files are in Microsoft Word format.. If you have difficulty opening or printing these files, please let us know and we can fax the brochures to you.. The registration forms for the events are included in the attached files.	The registration forms for the events are included in the attached files.	Please fill out the registration form and fax it back to us at PHONE .
Please prepare a Master Physical according to the terms of the worksheets.			Please prepare a Master Physical according to the terms of the worksheets.
recommend someone in comp. who can help or please provide guidance for			-Origin: Beck-S X-FileName: sbeck.nsf
ily email list       please send an email to TraderSummaryemail syncrasy.co	IMAGE 09. IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE Syncrasy, LLC?	IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE Syncrasy, LLC?	PHONE Off PHONE Fax 909 Texas Avenue Suite 1314 H ouston, TX 77002 www.syncrasy.com Sales: PHONE D evelopment Offices: PHONE Off PHONE Fax 835 Main Avenue Suite 221 Durango, CO 81301 09 09 IMAGE Complimentary version of Trader Summary from Syncrasy, LLC and APB Energy Inc. - If you woul d like to receive this product early in the morning please call Syncr asy at PHONE for more information or send an email to subscrib e TraderSummary syncrasy.com - If you would like to be added to this da ily email list please send an email to TraderSummaryemail syncrasy.co m - If you would like to be removed from this daily email please reply to this email with the words CANCEL or send an email to cancel trad ersummary syncrasy.com Data last updated: Thursday, Jan 10, 2002 at 0 8:25AM EST Commentary last updated: Thursday, Jan 10, 2002 at 09:12AM ES T Meteorologist: Andy Weingarten... APB Energy / True Quote Congratula tions Andy Weingarten, APB Energy!
Please include Pat and Stella in the discussion	I just spoke briefly with Brian Riley, who is working to restructure the Knig Ranch contracts with Exxon, and put Coastal into the loop.. Yesterday I forwarded each of you an E-mail from Steve Van Hooser which had drafts of contracts attached.. As I talked with Brian, the King Ranch set up as he is negotiating will be simplified.. The intent, as I understood it, is that we will no longer buy at the wellhead.. Rather, Coastal is entering into a a gathering agreement with HPL to buy at the wellhead and ship to the plant.. HPLC will buy at the tailgate of the plant, net of PVR.. So there will not be future settlements with Exxon on liquids.. The paper has not been returned from Coastal or Exxon yet, but the deal is effective 4/1/00.. Everything will be under new agreements, with receipts and deliveries by different counterparties.. The gas flow continues the same, just under new contracts and different counterparties.. Daren, Pat and Stella: Daren, Brian said he would get with you to discuss the deal in further detail.	Daren, Pat and Stella: Daren, Brian said he would get with you to discuss the deal in further detail.	Please include Pat and Stella in the discussion also.
Please update me on the status of these agreements.			Please update me on the status of these agreements.
To enroll in the Savings Plan or make a change to your current contributions, please log on to   http://resources.hewitt.com/enron  , or call the Benefit Service Center at 1-800-332-7979, option 3.	Several weeks ago, we announced that beginning July 1, 2002, the company would again match employees eligible contributions to the Enron Corp. Savings Plan the Plan .. We also announced that from July 1 through December 31, 2002, Enron would double the rate of the company match that was in effect prior to the suspension.. Based on your questions and feedback, we want to further clarify the double match and share with you some further modifications we are making to the administration of the match.. Doubling the Match Doubling the match will accelerate the rate at which company matching contributions accumulate.. However, the annual company matching contributions remain limited to 50 percent of an employee s pre-tax contributions, up to 6 percent of eligible compensation.. For example, assume a participant contributes the 2002 Federal pre-tax maximum of 11,000 to the Plan.. The company match in effect prior to its suspension was .50 for each 1 contributed, so the maximum amount the employee would have received in company matching contributions would have been 5,500, or half of 11,000.. With the double match, the same participant will receive 1 for each 1 contributed, but the match will not exceed 5,500.. Likewise, if a participant contributes 8,000 pre-tax during 2002, the company matching contribution would equal 4,000.. Truing Up the Match for Previous Contributions Many participants in the Plan expressed concern that contributions to the Plan prior to July were not eligible for the reinstated company match.. To rectify this, we are modifying the administration of the match for the remainder of 2002.. Employees who were active as of December 31, 2001, and who participate in the Plan, will receive the double match for contributions made after July 1, 2002.. If at the end of 2002, the matched amount falls short of the maximum level possible based on the participant s annual pre-tax contributions to the Plan, the company will true up their match for 2002 to ensure the company contributions equal what would have been received had the match not been suspended.. For example, if an active employee s annual pre-tax contribution to the Plan will reach 11,000, and on July 1 the employee has already contributed 7,000, the remaining employee pre-tax contribution allowed will be 4000.. With the double match, the employee will receive 4,000 in company matching contributions between July and December, but will be 1,500 short of the company matching contributions he or she would have otherwise received.. On December 31, 2002, the employee s company matching contributions would be trued up with 1,500.. New Hires and Rehires After January 1, 2002 Any participants in the Plan hired or re-hired after January 1, 2002, will not be eligible for the double match.. Instead, they will receive the same match level in effect prior to suspension of the company match.. However, at the end of the year, they too will receive a true up to reach the maximum company match contributions for their annual pre-tax employee contribution.. Terminations Prior to December 31, 2002 If a Plan participant s employment is terminated involuntarily prior to December 31, 2002, the true up will take place as early as practical after termination.. The total amount of company matching contributions, including any true up, will be based on year-to-date contributions up to the time the participant is terminated.. If a Plan participant resigns voluntarily, he or she is not eligible for a true up, but will receive the double match on any pre-tax contributions made to the Plan between July 1 and his or her termination.. Participating in the Plan Active Enron employees who are not currently participating in the Enron Corp. Savings Plan have until 3:00 p.m. CST on Thursday, June 27, 2002 to enroll in the Plan for their first July payroll contribution to be matched.. The same deadline applies to active participants in the Plan who may wish to increase their Savings Plan contribution rate in time for the first July payroll.. For now, participants can only increase their contribution rate to the current maximum of 15 percent of their base salary.. After July 1, participants will be able to increase their contribution rate to the new maximum of 50 percent.	After July 1, participants will be able to increase their contribution rate to the new maximum of 50 percent.	To enroll in the Savings Plan or make a change to your current contributions, please log on to http://resources.hewitt.com/enron , or call the Benefit Service Center at PHONE , option 3.
Take a look and see if this is what you need.	This spreadsheet corrects the graph in the previously submitted spreadsheet, removing the last two data points.. Data is only through June 2000, and the graph incorrectly also showed the average numbers as if they were numbers for July and August 2000.. Forwarded by Arvel Martin/HOU/ECT on 07/25/2000 04:47 PM. The attached is a monthy table w/ a summary of line pressures and production.	The attached is a monthy table w/ a summary of line pressures and production.	Take a look and see if this is what you need.
Elizabeth and Bill and please set up a conference call in number and e-mail	1-4. How long will you need?. There will be a conference call on Monday June 5th starting at 1:00 Houston time to discuss comments to the draft insurance policy that we expect to receive from ACE tomorrow.. My assistant, Suzanne Adams PHONE will notify the Enron people of the conference room and will notify the LeBeouf people of the call-in number.. Carol St. Clair EB 38 PHONE Phone PHONE Fax	Carol St. Clair EB 38 PHONE Phone PHONE Fax	Suzanne: Please reserve a conference room from 1-4 for myself, Gaurav, Leslie, Elizabeth and Bill and please set up a conference call in number and e-mail that information to Scott, John and Sam.
Deborah,please print out and file.	FYI.. Mitsubishi is asking for a conference with our senior management to discuss the non-payment of freight and demurrage.. Eric s response is self-explanatory.	Eric s response is self-explanatory.	Deborah,please print out and file.
John, can you please review and make sure Dennis has all our people plus as			John, can you please review and make sure Dennis has all our people plus as sociates on the 20 distribution list.
process, please attend the meeting below.			If you would like to volunteer to man the sign up table during the adoption process, please attend the meeting below.
Can you please extend sitara deal ticket 16888 to the 15th?			Can you please extend sitara deal ticket 16888 to the 15th?
Questions -- give me a call.	Attached is Shelley Corman s response to Jeff Dasovich, based on conversations with Drew and me.. Accordingly, I would advise you not to participate in the conference call Jeff is setting up for tomorrow.	Accordingly, I would advise you not to participate in the conference call Jeff is setting up for tomorrow.	Questions -- give me a call.
Please review the attached email and compare to the group my email went	Attached is an email form Duke outlining the topics for Monday s 1:30 pm call.	Attached is an email form Duke outlining the topics for Monday s 1:30 pm call.	Please review the attached email and compare to the group my email went to.
Let s send it to Marion and Barry.	Okay,	Okay,	Let s send it to Marion and Barry.
Please respond no later than 11 a.m. on Wednesday, April 18.	Tana/Kelly/Karen:. The product long description below will fall under the new product type US Weather BP BDD Swap.. Credit Tom Moran has approved copying the profiles for the new product type from the following:. US Weather CDD Swap	US Weather CDD Swap	Please respond no later than 11 a.m. on Wednesday, April 18.
A reminder to please send me the guaranty or a draft of same in order that I			A reminder to please send me the guaranty or a draft of same in order that I may send it along with the draft of the Master to Wicor.
activities, please prepare an analysis for me of the reasons for TW s sale of			In anticipation of potential litigation involving TW s operational activities, please prepare an analysis for me of the reasons for TW s sale of excess natural gas at the California border.
Get back to me when you get a chance.	Cooper-. Can you let me know how to connect to the power database where we pull CAISO scheduled gen load.. I want to pull the actual loads along with the scheduled.	I want to pull the actual loads along with the scheduled.	Get back to me when you get a chance.
Please send us a final bill in the amount of  980.00  2 months  and cancel	Good morning Denise:. After discussing this situation with Mike Roberts, Vice President in charge of the Weather Group, neither he nor I were aware of the existing contract, As was mentioned in our conversation, I thought I had cancelled this back in November when Jim Gooding left the company.. However, since there are just two payments owed March and April 2000 , we will pay this amount and ask that the contract be cancelled.. As you are aware, this service has not been used since last November and Mike says that he knows of no one it can be transferred to.	As you are aware, this service has not been used since last November and Mike says that he knows of no one it can be transferred to.	Please send us a final bill in the amount of 980.00 2 months and cancel the contract.
Please get in touch with	Jeff Shankman COO of Enron Global Markets is interested in going and would like to see the schedule.. I told him you would send it to him.. Jeff can also help us get our message across on the problems in California s power markets Dasovich can fill you in .. Also John Woody Wodraska, managing director of Azurix is interested in attending.	Also John Woody Wodraska, managing director of Azurix is interested in attending.	Please get in touch with him.
Please delete Kenneth.Lay enron.com from this communication.			Please delete Kenneth.Lay enron.com from this communication.
Jeff Dasovich: please forward any specifics on the demand buy down proposal	I am attaching several items that I hope you will find useful when you brief Chambers:. A background document which is a bit dated, but still useful .. This is an internal document, so I would appreciate it if you would keep it confidential though you are free to use the content in your own messages or documents .. A basic outline of solutions.. A summary of the Governor s recent executive orders.. It s another internal analysis.. I think these orders show a better understanding of the problems and solutions than we have seen before.. As we discussed on the phone, our biggest problem is inertia ... we don t have much time, many solutions have long lead times, and the political wheels grind slowly.	As we discussed on the phone, our biggest problem is inertia ... we don t have much time, many solutions have long lead times, and the political wheels grind slowly.	Jeff Dasovich: please forward any specifics on the demand buy down proposal and anything else that you think might be helpful background for Laura.
Pls set a time after the staff meeting	let s do it Monday, Friday is booked.	let s do it Monday, Friday is booked.	Pls set a time after the staff meeting that works for you and Michelle.
Please bring these to me in 3AC2026A.	Sevil,. Please, make sure you provide this information ASAP.. Vince. Sevil: please let me know when you will be sending me the information for your HIB visa?. Thanks Margaret. Sevil: In order that we may proceed with your request for Permanent Residency, our immigration attorneys have advised us that we need to process the HIB visa, prior to the Permanent Residency application.. Therefore, I am attaching an HIB visa questionnaire that I would like you to complete and return to me, together with copies of all of the documents listed at the bottom of the form.	Therefore, I am attaching an HIB visa questionnaire that I would like you to complete and return to me, together with copies of all of the documents listed at the bottom of the form.	Please bring these to me in 3AC2026A.
my proposed revisions, please send a copy of the final NDA to Tana Jones.	Mike:. I revised the nit in Section 1 and have attached a new red-line, as well as a clean copy.	I revised the nit in Section 1 and have attached a new red-line, as well as a clean copy.	If PW fails to get back to us before I leave today but agrees to my proposed revisions, please send a copy of the final NDA to Tana Jones.
Please notify both me and Sheri Thomas via e-mail as soon as you are			Please notify both me and Sheri Thomas via e-mail as soon as you are comfortable with the product descriptions for your respective commodities on Dynegydirect so that Sheri can set up the respective traders to trade via DynegyDirect.
Can you please take a quick look and fwd it to Sam	Stinson,	Stinson,	Can you please take a quick look and fwd it to Sam Smith wsmith2 enron.com
please call soon.			please call soon.
Please add this to the defn of confidential information:			Please add this to the defn of confidential information:
Would you please forward to Dale copies of the CA s that were signed by those	Ben,	Ben,	Would you please forward to Dale copies of the CA s that were signed by those parties which will be given second round access to the LV CoGen docs?
So please try to get the wire out today.	Tallahassee called on the gas for the weekend.. I had planned for that in my numbers but I had no idea prices would go up .07 - .11 for the weekend - my fault.. This makes my cash balance at Reliant short by about 130.00 if prices post on the high side.. My trading contact at Reliant said that his credit department DOES NOT want to work with us at all.. My contact said his credit department could force him to cut the deal.. We won t know until this afternoon or Monday.	We won t know until this afternoon or Monday.	So please try to get the wire out today.
Could you please when you return on Monday circulate a list of issues that we			Susan: Could you please when you return on Monday circulate a list of issues that we need to discuss regarding the forms?
Guys, can you forward your parts.			Guys, can you forward your parts.
Please print two copies, put one in a folder.			Please print two copies, put one in a folder.
Can you come to Houston Thursday night and meet me, Stinson and	Nick,	Nick,	Can you come to Houston Thursday night and meet me, Stinson and Kevin Hannon one of top 3 executives at Enron Broadband Services for dinner?
OTHER:  Please e-mail to me the latest version of the AOS balancing confirm	Dan:. As you know I will be in London next week .. Could you work with Barry to get this finalized.. It sound to me like all that needs to be done is print the document and put your initials on it.. There is also an index confirm to prepare.. Jeff. Jeff, I understand that Stacey is on maternity leave.. This confirm is long over due.. I have been working with Stacey to get it done.. The attached document in it s finished state is what the customer and I have agreed to .. Can you please have someone finalize the document and send back down to me for signatures.. Barry. PS.. I also need the daily index confirm and we will clean it up also.. BT. Stacey, please find attached the completed marked up GTC that we need to finalize and re-submit to Crestar.. TO DO: I have added a line in part 3 blue .. Add this section .. Either add in other terms that section 2 and 5 are not applicable for just delete them.. my preference is to just exclude them in the other terms piece rather than delete completely.. This will complete the monthy volumes confirm for Crestar.. Make these changes and send back to me today.. Thanks.	Thanks.	OTHER: Please e-mail to me the latest version of the AOS balancing confirm and I will add changes that we went through.
Also, please schedule an hour in	Kaye: Attached is my message from Tuesday.	Kaye: Attached is my message from Tuesday.	Also, please schedule an hour in my office with Melissa Murphy 31886 to discuss power confirms.
Upon approval and execution, please call me at x33399 to pick up the 20	Attached for your approval is the form of Enron Corp. Guaranty in favor of 20 the referenced Counterparty, which guarantees the obligations of ENA under 20 an ISDA Master Agreement.. This Counterparty is an affiliate of the utilit y 20 for the Province of Quebec, Hydro-Quebec.. We will need the standard execut ed 20 copy.. Per my voicemail, we will need the executed guaranty by Tuesday, October 2 4, 20 2000.. Please let me know if this presents any problem.. In addition, we will need the following closing documents: i Certificat e 20 of Incumbency, ii certified board resolutions of the Policy for Approval of 20 Guarantees 01 Policy 018 , iii certificate by the Treasurer or other au thorized 20 officer certifying coverage of the Guaranty under the Policy, and iv 20 certified copy of Enron Corp. 01,s articles of incorporation and bylaws.	In addition, we will need the following closing documents: i Certificat e 20 of Incumbency, ii certified board resolutions of the Policy for Approval of 20 Guarantees 01 Policy 018 , iii certificate by the Treasurer or other au thorized 20 officer certifying coverage of the Guaranty under the Policy, and iv 20 certified copy of Enron Corp. 01,s articles of incorporation and bylaws.	Upon approval and execution, please call me at x33399 to pick up the 20 documents.
Can you pass up this opportunity??	Ms. Tana, ?. Have I got an exciting invitation for you:?. Williams Collection is having a holiday get-together on Friday evening, 5-8, you may have received an invitation.??. I bought a coffee table, end table, and bedside table for Sarah this past weekend and there is a bed there that I want and would love to have your opinion.?. I don t remember if you still work out on Friday evenings, but if you are free and care to join me, I would love to have your company.?	I don t remember if you still work out on Friday evenings, but if you are free and care to join me, I would love to have your company.?	Can you pass up this opportunity??
Please help with who the appropriate person is to complete and submit w-8			Lauren, Please help with who the appropriate person is to complete and submit w-8 forms for ENRON INDIA GDR HOLDINGS LTD.
pls print this email also.			pls print this email also.
Could you please send me the ok to have the url gro.corp.enron.com decommissioned.	Hi Sally - Chris Abel informed us that you have a URL that can be decommissioned from a site you own.	Hi Sally - Chris Abel informed us that you have a URL that can be decommissioned from a site you own.	Could you please send me the ok to have the url gro.corp.enron.com decommissioned.
Could you make a presentation on this topic?	Maureen,	Maureen,	Could you make a presentation on this topic?
Could you please provide a status on where we stand on the transfer of the	Hi Tom, at your request the execution of these agreements have been on hold.. Most of the leg work has been done.. I completed the negotiations on the agreement so moving forward is a matter of getting a document ready for signatures and getting it signed, having lawyers on both side proof read it and getting the agreement and accompanying documents which are complete executed.. This process, which is mainly administrative, could take two or three days if I focused on as a priority to make sure it gets done.. Let me know how you want to proceed.. Cheryl Nelson Senior Counsel EB38 PHONE . Sara Cheryl,	Sara Cheryl,	Could you please provide a status on where we stand on the transfer of the Credit book from ENA/ECT to ECI at Goldman and Morgan.
So, you decide you have to market your site and let the world know all about it.	All right, you have this great product to sell, and you ve got yourself a spanking new Web site to sell it.. Now, you sit back and wait for the orders to pour in... To your great surprise, the only people to even peek at your site are you, your family, and a couple of your friends.. Now that you have spent time and money to get your Web site, you naturally expect some return on your investment.	Now that you have spent time and money to get your Web site, you naturally expect some return on your investment.	So, you decide you have to market your site and let the world know all about it.
Will you look at this deal?	Jay,	Jay,	Will you look at this deal?
has any questions, please have them call me at 352-334-0776.	Please generate a GISB for Jared using the attached.. Let s discuss their addendum.. I don t think we will use it.. Let s get a copy of our current interruptible agreement so that we can see what has been previously agreed to.. Dan,. ENA and FGU currently operate under an interruptible agreement inherited through the CES purchase.. FGU has interest in getting a GISB in place with the attached provisions.. Could you please review and let me know you comments.. I would like to complete this process quickly.. Jared 35823. Forwarded by Jared Kaiser/HOU/ECT on 03/14/2001 02:29 PM. Jared, As we discussed earlier today, FGU is interested in purchasing firm supply at a fixed price for summer and/or winter.. Currently, Enron and FGU only have an interruptible contract in place for supply purchases.. In order to get a firm contract in place in a short amount of time, I think we should execute a GISB contract if Enron is acceptable to that.. I have attached two word documents to be implemented into the GISB contract.. One is FGU s general information and the other is our special provisions.. Please have your contract department implement the attached information into a GISB contract and have it sent to me for review and execution.	Please have your contract department implement the attached information into a GISB contract and have it sent to me for review and execution.	If your contract department has any questions, please have them call me at PHONE .
Can you please check into whether or not the below deals for the above meters	Hi Daren,	Hi Daren,	Can you please check into whether or not the below deals for the above meters can be rolled and extended?
Could you please send out a message to all the traders regarding a meeting	just to double check; the meeting is now on Monday, right?. Original Message. PLEASE MARK YOUR CALENDARS:. T. J. , 20	T. J. , 20	Could you please send out a message to all the traders regarding a meeting that Kevin Presto has requested them to attend on Black, Tamara Jae Mon day, September 24 from 2:00pm - 5:00pm in room 5c2.
Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and	STEVE KEAN. Conf call: AT T lines have been reserved.. Please contact Sherri Sera 713/ PHONE or Bill Dorsey 713/ PHONE for the weekly dial-in number and passcode.	Please contact Sherri Sera 713/ PHONE or Bill Dorsey 713/ PHONE for the weekly dial-in number and passcode.	Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and through what medium.
Please put both in your system .	To ALL-. I have just completed my MBA at the University of Chicago and am leaving the law firm of Mayor, Day, Caldwell Keeton shortly.. My new contact information as of Thursday , February 8, is as follows:. Roliff Purrington 111 Congress Avenue, Suite 400 Austin, Texas 78701. PHONE office PHONE fax. PHONE home. PHONE mobile. Email: ropurr aol.com on the road Email: rpurrington austin.rr.com	Email: ropurr aol.com on the road Email: rpurrington austin.rr.com	Please put both in your system .
Please discuss this with Kevin	FYI. Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 06/15/2000 05:55 PM. Several thoughts from federal reg./transmission side: I haven t worked with a VEPCO interconnection agreement yet, but many times there are requirements that the generator is required to provide emergency power to the interconnected transmission provider, in which case you would want the interconnection agreement to cover all costs you would incur to replace the energy at a different location usually it is difficult to get this agreement, so you should check and then factor that into the equation .. I would be happy to look at the interconnection agreement with you.. Interconnection of generation is a separate process from requesting transmission.. It appears that VEPCO has to buy the transmission or use its network transmission when the Delivery Point is the plant.. Enron will have to purchase transmission on VEPCO if it is selling to third parties off the plant and will have to purchase transmission on other systems if it wants to supply at an alternate delivery point.	Enron will have to purchase transmission on VEPCO if it is selling to third parties off the plant and will have to purchase transmission on other systems if it wants to supply at an alternate delivery point.	Please discuss this with Kevin Presto s tranmission people Bill Rust on 31 .
Please make every effort to get this out at the	Debra Dan -. Attached is a worksheet for a new Master Firm Purchase/Sale agreement, with Public Utility District No.. 1 of Clark County.. Dave Fuller in the Portland office is working on a long-term gas supply deal with this counterparty, with a total value of 500 million.. We need to get a draft agreement to him ASAP.	We need to get a draft agreement to him ASAP.	Please make every effort to get this out at the absolute early possible opportunity!!
Can you set up a	Bill, Tana mentioned this ongoing issue to me last week.	Bill, Tana mentioned this ongoing issue to me last week.	Can you set up a meeting with Tana, yourself, me and any others from your team you think appropriate to review the issues and determine a system and process solution sometime this or next week?
this, please fax a completed registration form, along with a brief covering	Frank,. Does this help?. Please, let me know.. Vince. Dear Vince. Thank you for your recent enquiry concerning a complimentary pass to the two-day GARP Convention.. Unfortunately, it is not GARP s policy to allow this for a number of reasons: GARP is a not-for-profit organisation, will much lower delegate fees and still the same overheads than other conference organizers.. GARP s mission is to allow an educational forum for furtherance of financial risk management and an opportunity to allow networking and contact time between financial risk professionals.. However, in an attempt to remain at ease with my speakers, I would like to offer a 50 discount off the delegate fee for one of you colleagues in Enron.. This will be for the two-day Convention and will include the Gala Awards Evening on 13th February, which had over three financial and risk professionals at GARP 2000.. I trust that this is satisfactory.	I trust that this is satisfactory.	If you would like to take advantage of this, please fax a completed registration form, along with a brief covering note referring to this e-mail, and I will ensure that our administration depart handle the relevant paper work.
you please check into this and make sure they post it ASAP, especially since	Good Morning Jan. Hope you had a nice weekend.. Just wanted to give you an update on some work I did over the weekend and ask for your assistance on finding some information.. UPDATE:. 1.. I went into the firechief.com webpage and could not find your Ad.	I went into the firechief.com webpage and could not find your Ad.	Would you please check into this and make sure they post it ASAP, especially since our time frame is quite tight.
Kate, can you please ask Holli if she has a copy of the following			Kate, can you please ask Holli if she has a copy of the following confirmation s Deal 420554.01, 420563.01 probably confirmed together .
Q.  And would you accept subject to check that PG E would get to keep  1.			-Origin: DASOVICH-J X-FileName: jdasovic.nsf
Please review the attached, and if acceptable, you may choose to sign a hard	Mark,. Attached please find a Confidential Agreement Amendment revised from the October 16 version presented to you earlier.. The revisions address the following for issues:. 1.. Term-The AMI provision now extends for 2 years from the Confidentiality Agreement s effective date September 6, 2000 2.. Mariner-It is now clear that Mariner will not be bound by the AMI provision, even if ENA chooses to share Confidential Data with Mariner 3.. Contractual Relationships-Language has been added to clarify that ENA may enter into any contractual relationships with owners of Block 772 without triggering the AMI provision 4.. Repayment of Purchase Price-If Dominion were to exercise its AMI right, the provision is now clear that Dominion would have to repay ENA its acquisition costs.	Repayment of Purchase Price-If Dominion were to exercise its AMI right, the provision is now clear that Dominion would have to repay ENA its acquisition costs.	Please review the attached, and if acceptable, you may choose to sign a hard copy of this e:mail to evidence compliance with Enron s Standstill, Noncompetition, and Non-Solicitation Provision Policy.
Please fax the Winston   Strawn changes to Kathy Clark.			Please fax the Winston Strawn changes to Kathy Clark.
Please review and provide comments by Tuesday, October 2.	Here is the final draft of the response letter for Virginia Power.	Here is the final draft of the response letter for Virginia Power.	Please review and provide comments by Tuesday, October 2.
Please provide me with the name of at least one person within your group who fits the Change Agent bill.	Sorry to take so long--Denise Lagesse of our group has graciously volunteered to represent us on this effort.. Please call me directly if you need my input or if I can do anything else to help.. Thanks Denise.. df. To All -. Just a follow-up message to each of you about the iBuyit program.. I am still in need of a designated volunteer from each of your groups to act as a Change Agent for this program.. Since it is a Corp. initiative and will be implemented over time, I need to make sure all areas of the Legal Dept.. are on board.	are on board.	Please provide me with the name of at least one person within your group who fits the Change Agent bill.
Please give this a look and see what you think.			Please give this a look and see what you think.
Hi  Sandy,  would you please order me the following - Enhanced - 76-12-05,			Hi Sandy, would you please order me the following - Enhanced - 76-12-05, QuickNotes Brand Weekly/Monthly Self-Management System.
And on another note...please update the El Paso reconcilliation sheet...	Guys,. Just wanted to confirm, you are LONG at Palo Verde, this is El Paso electric energy.. You are long 4 mw for HE 23 PST, and 9 mwh for HE 24 PST.. PLEASE sell this energy off MWD should be buying if you want to take it to Mead 230--remember that SRP charges based on CALPX SP-15 MCP for losses .. We also have 6 mwhs for HE 1-6 at PV coming from EPE, and 18 mwhs for HE 23 and 24 coming from EPE.. You only need to make the sell side of this deal, the sell side needs to be under ST-SW book, they will make an annuity for the money that they owe us.. We are doing a profit share with these extra mws, today we made 15,500 for remarketing these scraps, we will have these extras for the next couple days.. These guys appreciate our service and our paying us well for the help...	These guys appreciate our service and our paying us well for the help...	And on another note...please update the El Paso reconcilliation sheet...
Please plan to attend a meeting on Thursday, April 27, from 3:00 - 5:00 p.m.			Please plan to attend a meeting on Thursday, April 27, from 3:00 - 5:00 p.m. to discuss Luken s storage model and, more importantly, where we want to go with a storage book.
Paul can you make this meeting?	I invited Jim S.. I was assuming that Paul would facilitate.	I was assuming that Paul would facilitate.	Paul can you make this meeting?
Please work your appropriate magic on this deal so I can pay them.			Please work your appropriate magic on this deal so I can pay them.
Please respond to  Security and Bug Patch Alert Help   NWReplies bellevue.com			NW Security and Bug Patch Alert Security-BugPatch bdcimail.com on 11/07/2000 12:01:16 PM Please respond to Security and Bug Patch Alert Help NWReplies bellevue.com To: vkamins enron.com cc: Subject: Top 10 viruses
execute ASAP and send executed copy to Kristina.	Julia: Attached are the clean and redline versions, respectively.	Julia: Attached are the clean and redline versions, respectively.	Please execute ASAP and send executed copy to Kristina.
9. Please provide your calculations supporting the 902 hour annual			-FileName: brogers.nsf
please check Jeff King s VAR...it dosn t look right			please check Jeff King s VAR...it dosn t look right
Take a look at our website to see how these changes affect you:	The Integrated Solutions Center ISC is redefining its organization to provide world-class, enterprise-wide solutions through innovation, the building of new relationships, and by providing superior customer support.. One of the most exciting changes that the ISC has made is that we will be providing our customers with a single contact number for all support needs.. Customers needing assistance on any ISC supported application will simply call PHONE and a Customer Care Agent will assist you.	Customers needing assistance on any ISC supported application will simply call PHONE and a Customer Care Agent will assist you.	Take a look at our website to see how these changes affect you: http://isc.enron.com/site
Please read it over and let me have comments tomorrow morning  Thursday .	Thanks for talking to me about this article for this Friday s eBiz.	Thanks for talking to me about this article for this Friday s eBiz.	Please read it over and let me have comments tomorrow morning Thursday .
Once finalized, please issue an Eco PO to perform this work.	Victor,. As discussed, we need to engineer a tie-in to Peerless so that we have a way to periodically turnover by selling our fuel oil inventory to before it goes bad.. James McMillan will forward to you a scope of work and cost for an engineer to go to site to develop the tie-in design.. This cost should be between 5 and 10K.	This cost should be between 5 and 10K.	Once finalized, please issue an Eco PO to perform this work.
2. please copy me on forecasting provided to Sydney office on a daily basis	Mike,. Sounds good.. Christian. Christian,. Just finished meeting with Pual, Vince Mark. New Plan:. Let s plan on your coming to Houston March 12th - April 2nd after our summer/winters respectively. BUT... let s proceed with the project without pause:. 1. please send up the software that needs to be installed along with operating system requirements	1. please send up the software that needs to be installed along with operating system requirements	2. please copy me on forecasting provided to Sydney office on a daily basis
Also, please set up NGI Southern Border, PG E.	Will you please set up two new indices in the database.. The first one will be NGI Southern Border, Socal.. This is different for the current NGI Socal border index in the system.	This is different for the current NGI Socal border index in the system.	Also, please set up NGI Southern Border, PG E. Let me know when they have been added.
Can you guys coordinate to make sure someone listens to this conference call each week.			Can you guys coordinate to make sure someone listens to this conference call each week.
Please forward it on to your brother in law and let	Ben,. Here is Barry s resume.	Here is Barry s resume.	Please forward it on to your brother in law and let me know what he thinks.
Call me to discuss any change to my plan.	Sara-. I propose the following steps to get through the final hurdle and be able to wrap up this Sisyphusian exercise.. I would like to have sample Equity Forward contracts amended for our registration language and any other items that you feel should be changed generated for ML, CSFB, BS you can leave out the trade details .. You can take their sample confirmations and change them.. I will then take the confirmations to Ryan Siurek and have him check the settlement language to make sure that they meet the new accounting guidelines.. We can incorporate Ryan s changes and then send the samples to the appropriate Investment Bank for their comments.. If everything checks out, we can then fill in the commercial terms for all the forwards completed to date.. I thinkthat this would simplify the whole process as we focus on 3 confimation templates and not the many different trades with the various banks.	I thinkthat this would simplify the whole process as we focus on 3 confimation templates and not the many different trades with the various banks.	Call me to discuss any change to my plan.
Can one of you please secure this price for MTM purposes.			Can one of you please secure this price for MTM purposes.
error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail and erase all copies of	We will agree that the attached does not apply to world hunger - only to Turbo Park.. Rose. Fellow Sufferers,. Below you will find:. a a revised Consent to Assignment, and. b assignment language waiting to be framed:. Please note that in the interest of time I am sending them to you before the GE team has had an opportunity to review them.. Accordingly, there may be some addition comments from our side.. Happy reading!. Mike Barnas g Michael C. Barnas Counsel, Power Plants Commercial Operations GE Power Systems One River Road - Building 37, Room 307 Schenectady, NY 12345 USA Phone PHONE PHONE Fax PHONE PHONE Mobile PHONE . This message is intended only for the use of the individual or entity to which it is addressed, and may contain information that is privileged, confidential and exempt from disclosure under applicable law.. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, or the employee or agent responsible for delivering the message to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited.	If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, or the employee or agent responsible for delivering the message to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited.	If you have received this message in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail and erase all copies of this message.
Please plan to attend a meeting with Brian Redmond and Bob Hall on Thursday			Please plan to attend a meeting with Brian Redmond and Bob Hall on Thursday at 4:00 in conference room 3567.
Please get with Tina and work out how we will handle expense reimbursements			Please get with Tina and work out how we will handle expense reimbursements for Greg s approval.
Can you please forward an NDA for Net Works and	Tana:	Tana:	Can you please forward an NDA for Net Works and
Can you make sure that Cassandra	Hey Stephanie, I received a voice mail message from Mary, Cassandra s colleague indicating that Cassandra did not get the background information on the importance of the Deutsche Bank brokerage agreement.. Did you forward to her the email from Sheila that I gave you?	Did you forward to her the email from Sheila that I gave you?	Can you make sure that Cassandra receives it?
Please also send a copy of draft to Kim Ward  EB3204A  and one to me  EB2860 .	Debra -. Attached is a worksheet for another new Master Firm Purchase/Sale, this time for Tucson Electric Power Company.. Please prepare a draft and send to:. Mr. Dave Hutchens Tucson Electric Power Company One South Church Street Tucson, AZ 85701	Mr. Dave Hutchens Tucson Electric Power Company One South Church Street Tucson, AZ 85701	Please also send a copy of draft to Kim Ward EB3204A and one to me EB2860 .
Savings Plan, including any accounting issues related to these transactions, please forward the e-mails to enron.savingsplan enron.com.	On Wednesday, October 31, I sent an email to all Enron employees worldwide in order to ensure that Enron employees retained documents that might be relevant to ongoing litigation.. New lawsuits have been filed that enlarge the scope of the information that Enron will need to retain.. The following list includes both the topics in the earlier email and the topics related to the new lawsuits.. Effective immediately, please do the following:. 1.. If you have any voice mails that relate in any way to the LJM Deal or Chewco Investments L.P. including any accounting issues related to these transactions, please forward the voice mails to x3-6800.. 2.. If you have any voice mails that relate in any way to the proposed Dynegy merger or the Enron Corp. Savings Plan, including any accounting issues related to these transactions, please forward the voice mails to x3-6802.. 3.. If you have any voice mails that relate in any way to Enron s public statements regarding EBS, Azurix, New Power Co., or any voice mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters, including accounting issues related to these matters, please forward the voice mails to x3-6801.. 4.. If you have any voice mails that relate in any way to Enron s public statements regarding the proposed merger with Dynegy or the Enron Corp. Savings Plan or any voice mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters, including accounting issues related to these matters, please forward the voice mails to x3-6802.. 5.. If you have any e-mails that relate in any way to the LJM Deal, Chewco Investments L.P., including any accounting issues related to these transactions, please forward the e-mails to LJM.litigation enron.com.. 6.. If you have any e-mails that relate in any way to the proposed Dynegy merger, including any accounting issues related to these transactions, please forward the e-mails to dynegy.merger enron.com.. 7.	7.	If you have any e-mails that relate in any way to the Enron Corp. Savings Plan, including any accounting issues related to these transactions, please forward the e-mails to enron.savingsplan enron.com.
Please sign me up for the Monday March 18th session at 1:30.			Please sign me up for the Monday March 18th session at 1:30.
Would you please clarify the issue for me?	Kay, One of the first things we do after we execute an option agreement is to get into the interconnect queue.. To do so, we must enter into an interconnect study agreement and in the past we have entered into these agreements using the same project agreement that has the option agreement.. Are you saying that we need two project companies for each project: one for the option agreement and one for the interconnect study agreement?. As you may know, it has taken 11 months to get to the point in the Midway project from the time we executed an interconnect study agreement with FPL to today when we are ready to begin negotiating a construction and connection agreement.	As you may know, it has taken 11 months to get to the point in the Midway project from the time we executed an interconnect study agreement with FPL to today when we are ready to begin negotiating a construction and connection agreement.	Would you please clarify the issue for me?
Please call me if you have questions and I will be forwarding you a final copy	Chris--So as not to delay things more than I already have, the table below shows our March 00 Requirements on AGL by pipeline.. I will put these values into the spreadsheet that I sent earlier, but this will give you an idea of what the numbers look like.. The above values for storage withdrawals assume that we are maximizing the withdrawals from the so-called Directly Assigned Storage that ENA schedules on our behalf.. I believe that notwithstanding the above storage withdrawal values, we will still have storage inventory left at the end of March since our withdrawals to date have been so low.. Both the Storage withdrawals shown above and the Flowing gas should flow on Primary firm capacity since we have been assigned this capacity by AGL.. The above numbers also assume that we will be maximizing our withdrawals of AGL s IBSS Incremental Bundled Storage Service during March.. The IBSS withdrawals are not included in the storage withdrawal volumes shown above, since we schedule the IBSS ourselves at AGL s citygate.	The IBSS withdrawals are not included in the storage withdrawal volumes shown above, since we schedule the IBSS ourselves at AGL s citygate.	Please call me if you have questions and I will be forwarding you a final copy of the spreadsheet with these numbers in a short while.
Anita: Can you follow up on the payment?	Vince: Is it ok to acknowledge our sponsorship at the conference?	Vince: Is it ok to acknowledge our sponsorship at the conference?	Anita: Can you follow up on the payment?
Please ask myself or a senior member of the	Group,. For the third day in a row 4th time this week I have received an email or call from Kathy at EPE asking the model to be resent because of simple errors.. Typos in the model should be caught and corrected while checking out with counterparties and running the CARP.. The ancillary service spin deals need to sum into the ancillary section at the bottom...not with the regular deal entry summary.. We need to use the reconciliation sheet when appropriate which has not been used since Feb--and this will haunt us when Houston tries to check out March and April .. We do a good job trading for EPE and managing their system but I am not impressed with our attention to detail for this customer on deal entry.. I continue to see the same mistakes which suggests that procedure questions exist.	I continue to see the same mistakes which suggests that procedure questions exist.	Please ask myself or a senior member of the group if you have any questions.
Would you please contact Michael Maddox of CERA and forward	Dear Vince,. I am so grateful for your efforts.. I really appreciate you taking time from your busy schedule.. If you have not contacted Michael Maddox, it s even better.. I have updated and re-worded my resume to better reflect my accomplishments.	I have updated and re-worded my resume to better reflect my accomplishments.	Would you please contact Michael Maddox of CERA and forward my resume to him?
Please create the executables.			Please create the executables.
Will you please get with Mary Smith and Trisha Hughes with the Texas Rates	Kim,	Kim,	Will you please get with Mary Smith and Trisha Hughes with the Texas Rates group and pick up from them the off system pipeline rates that they are handling.
you have a minute could you do me a favour and send me an excel dump of all the deal numbers of GTMA Physical forwards we are expecting to settle for march production  27th to 1 April , with their projected volumes, the contract price, and the value?	This is not me.. Sorry,. Eric. Forwarded by Mike Wellings/LON/ECT on 27/03/2001 17:00. Forwarded by Edward Bassett/EU/Enron on 27/03/2001 16:00. Ed. Please could you run this for James when you have a chance.. Thanks. Mike. Forwarded by Michael Batey/LON/ECT on 27/03/2001 08:43. Mike,	Mike,	When if :- you have a minute could you do me a favour and send me an excel dump of all the deal numbers of GTMA Physical forwards we are expecting to settle for march production 27th to 1 April , with their projected volumes, the contract price, and the value?
Would you take care of that please?	I need to pull my tapes for Jan 21st.	I need to pull my tapes for Jan 21st.	Would you take care of that please?
Will you let them know about the DJ from KSBJ,	Thanks Dana for the update, would you let Kevin know also thanking him, also I will not be at the meeting tonight me and Curtis are going to Good Hope Church to meet with Shaun.	Thanks Dana for the update, would you let Kevin know also thanking him, also I will not be at the meeting tonight me and Curtis are going to Good Hope Church to meet with Shaun.	Will you let them know about the DJ from KSBJ, and also Curtis was able to also confirm the former radio announcer from KTSU Dewayne B. Cook.
Can you copy and paste it and send it to the entire group?	Shirley,	Shirley,	Can you copy and paste it and send it to the entire group?
Please forward a copy of my Ken Rice presentation to Vince Kaminski.	Simon,	Simon,	Please forward a copy of my Ken Rice presentation to Vince Kaminski.
Please call me with any questions.	I have a couple of revisions to EOL CP approvals:. Lower Colorado River Authority is approved to trade all US physical power products pursuant to the on-line GTCs.. City of Roseville is approved to trade all US physical power products pursuant to the on-line GTCs.	City of Roseville is approved to trade all US physical power products pursuant to the on-line GTCs.	Please call me with any questions.
Please review the	Sara, It looks like all the issues have been worked out.	Sara, It looks like all the issues have been worked out.	Please review the attached language and let me know if it looks o.k.
Please block off the date on your calendar and let me know if it is	Mr. Sinha -. Unfortunately, Ken Lay will not be able to attend the May 16 dinner.. He also has a conflict on September 28, the next meeting of the ISB Governing Board.. Rosalee. Dear Governing Board member,. This is just let you know that three of our Board members - Victor Menezes Citibank , PC Chatterjee The Chatterjee Group , and Uday Khemka the SUN Group of Industries - are co-hosting a fund-raising dinner for the ISB on Tuesday, May 16, 2000 in New York.. While I understand this is short notice, in case you are in New York on that date and also available for dinner, we will be delighted if you could join us.. Rajat, Dean Jacobs, and a number of other Board members and supporters will also be there.	Rajat, Dean Jacobs, and a number of other Board members and supporters will also be there.	Please block off the date on your calendar and let me know if it is possible for you to attend.
spreadsheet you guys send to them.	Bill, Jr. - I m so sorry!. I should know better by now.. Bill, III - You might be more interested in this e-mail than your dad.. Kate. Here s the latest I ve heard from EES regarding ways in which we ve managed to thoroughly confuse them.	Here s the latest I ve heard from EES regarding ways in which we ve managed to thoroughly confuse them.	I m researching most of these questions, but as with last month, there are a few Real Time deals they don t see in the spreadsheet you guys send to them.
Look through this 3 page document, and let me know what you think, please.	Tnaya, I did a preliminary numerical experiment to verify that the correlation does get distorted if the nonnormality is strong.. If you want I could document the distortion for various degrees of non-normality and for different levels of target correlation between the non-nomal variables.. I could also work on a correlation mapping scheme if deemed critical for our purpose.. Thanks,. Everybody, we were talking for a while about using non-normal distributions in the Monte-Carlo simulations in our VAR model.. I put together some suggestion regarding this.. The text is under O: Dropbox Tanya non normal logs.doc	The text is under O: Dropbox Tanya non normal logs.doc	Look through this 3 page document, and let me know what you think, please.
communication to others and please notify the sender at  713  207-5241.	Elizabeth,. Below is the flight information I had Nina check into for the trip to California to attend the WSPP meeting on Nov. 1st.. Continental. 11/1 Departs IAH 9:18 a.m., arrives in San Diego 10:40 a.m.. Nonstop. 11/2 Departs San Diego 7:20 a.m., arrives at IAH 9:15 a.m.. Nonstop ; or 11/2 Departs San Diego 9:30 a.m., arrives at IAH 2:36 p.m.. Nonstop .. America West. 11/1 Departs San Diego 6:25 p.m; arrives in Phoenix at 8:39 p.m.; leaves Phoenix at 9:29 p.m.; arrives at IAH 12:49 a.m.. Note: Continental does not have a return flight that can accommodate you.. This round trip ticket is going for approximately 1,768.00.. Dede Russo Senior Attorney Reliant Energy Law Department P.O.. Box 1384 Houston, TX PHONE 1111 Louisiana St., Suite PHONE 2 Phone: PHONE E-Mail: drusso reliant.com Fax: PHONE . The preceding e-mail message contains information that is confidential, may be protected by the attorney/client or other applicable privileges, and may constitute non-public information.. It is intended to be conveyed only to the designated recipient s .	It is intended to be conveyed only to the designated recipient s .	If you are not an intended recipient of this message, please do not read, copy or disclose the contents of this communication to others and please notify the sender at PHONE .
Please provide some clarification of your questions and I	Jason, Your message below has been forwarded to me as Alcoa s Director of Natural Gas Services.	Jason, Your message below has been forwarded to me as Alcoa s Director of Natural Gas Services.	Please provide some clarification of your questions and I will try to provide answers if I can.
Please try to track this down.			Please try to track this down.
Can you, please, restore the service.	Chris,. The phone has been found and has not been compromised in any way.	The phone has been found and has not been compromised in any way.	Can you, please, restore the service.
Please check this	Darren: I think Marta is referring to the supply deal 391119 on 9/6 for 10,545.. We do not have a price of GD 0.04.. We have IF 0.04.	We have IF 0.04.	Please check this price.
call me and I ll patch you in.	Sounds good to me.. Kay:. Since it s a small group, we decided not to use a call-in number.	Since it s a small group, we decided not to use a call-in number.	Greg wil l call me and I ll patch you in.
Please forward a credit  worksheet.	Tammi DePaolis has requested a Master agreement for Carolina Power Light Co. for a 7 month firm deal for summer.. Currently, we have only a GISB in place with CPL.	Currently, we have only a GISB in place with CPL.	Please forward a credit worksheet.
Can you check with Veronica?	Debra, I think we were waiting on credit for this one.. I believe we answered their question that Atmos Energy Corp. would be the one executing the documents.	I believe we answered their question that Atmos Energy Corp. would be the one executing the documents.	Can you check with Veronica?
Please take the time to fill out the	The Resolution Center is taking the next step of ensuring we are providing the service you, our customer, are looking for.. As of Wednesday September 20th, with each call made to the Resolution Center, an email survey will be sent out upon closure of the ticket.	As of Wednesday September 20th, with each call made to the Resolution Center, an email survey will be sent out upon closure of the ticket.	Please take the time to fill out the survey and let us know how we are doing.
I need your help...  I did a quick comparison for the 2000 and 2001 budget			I need your help...
attending please send me an email, letting me know your preference as far as	FOR MAY GRADUATES:?. PLEASE MAKE SURE AND REGISTER WITH THE HAAS ALUMNI WEB SITES ON-LINE-COMMUNITY DIRECTOR http://www.alumniconnections.com/olc/pub/HAA/. IMPORTANT CAREER INFO.. FOR 5/01 GRADS: YOU CAN USE ALL OF THE CAREER CENTERS RESOURCES FOR FREE ANYTIME, SOME OF THE RESOURCES ARE:?. BEARTRACKS, EXECUTIVE RECRUITER DIRECTORY, THE VARIOUS BOOKS; ON RESUMES, COVER LETTERS, SALARY NEGOTIATIONS, CASE INTERVIEWING, SALARY NEGOTIATIONS, INTERVIEWING, NETWORKING ETC.... YOU ARE ELIGIBLE TO RECEIVE CAREER ADVISING FOR FREE DURING YOUR 1ST SIX MONTHS OUT OF THE PROGRAM till December 01 .?. AFTER THE FIRST SIX MONTHS THERE IS A 150 FEE FOR UP TO 3 SESSIONS WITH THE HAAS ALUMNI CAREER ADVISOR That s me. FOR CONTINUING STUDENTS. PLEASE READ ON IF YOU ARE INTERESTED IN CAREER RELATED SERVICES DURING THE SUMMER. CAREER CHANGERS SEMINAR: May 01 grads.. are welcome to attend a seminar for individuals considering transitioning into a different line of work.?. We will focus on how to leverage transferrable ability, skills and knowledge into a different career path.?. This seminar will be on a Saturday in June, tentatively either 6/9 or 6/16 from 10 to 3.?	This seminar will be on a Saturday in June, tentatively either 6/9 or 6/16 from 10 to 3.?	If you are interested in attending please send me an email, letting me know your preference as far as a date.?
Please print memo and attachment for me to review on the plane tomorrow.			Please print memo and attachment for me to review on the plane tomorrow.
Could you please circulate across the wholesale team .			Could you please circulate across the wholesale team .
questions please call me.	You requested the publicly available information underlying our slides, so you could independently verify Enron s conclusions.	You requested the publicly available information underlying our slides, so you could independently verify Enron s conclusions.	If you have any other questions please call me.
Please come and meet her and find out what color your aura is!!!	My cousin Pam will be in from Santa Barbara to do a book signing and talk at the Alabama Theater Bookstop on Shepherd.	My cousin Pam will be in from Santa Barbara to do a book signing and talk at the Alabama Theater Bookstop on Shepherd.	Please come and meet her and find out what color your aura is!!!
Copy it and paste the copy out on the network folder you create.	Apparently, my instructions have confused a number of people with regard to the Lotus Notes ID File.. DO NOT MOVE THE ID FILE from your local drive.	DO NOT MOVE THE ID FILE from your local drive.	Copy it and paste the copy out on the network folder you create.
Please plan to attend a meeting to confirm promotions that will be held			Please plan to attend a meeting to confirm promotions that will be held tomorrow, Tuesday, Jan. 9 beginning at 2:30 in EB3321.
Please supply that to Tai, thanks.	Our convention is whoever finalizes the model should write the documentation.. It does not make sense to write one when changes are anticipated.. You have been working on this almost a year, it never strikes you that we need a documentation ?. I created Exotica.xll, does that also give you an excuse not working on Exotica documentation ?. Zimin. I am surprised that we do not have the documentation ready.. I can make that for you.. It is not there because you did not put that together by the time it was created and all the changes I have made did not required changes on the functionality.. Paulo Issler. Tai Woo,. Here are the c-codes for the CrudeAPO.. Sig is the spot volatility meaning the price volatility within the delivery period.. You should consult with Pavel for the definition of this extra parameters.. We would like to see the Position Monitor once you get it running.. We might have some additional suggestions.. Paulo,. Why don t we have a documentation on CrudeAPO you worked on ?. I can not find it in Exotica help file.	I can not find it in Exotica help file.	Please supply that to Tai, thanks.
Please give me a call to discusss KEYSPAN.			Please give me a call to discusss KEYSPAN.
Please print attachments.			Please print attachments.
Could you please update me as to where we are on the following?	Mark,	Mark,	Could you please update me as to where we are on the following?
Pls call Steve.			Pls call Steve.
Can you please print the attached cover letter  for overnight shipment to Bob	Hi Kate,	Hi Kate,	Can you please print the attached cover letter for overnight shipment to Bob Booth on ENA letterhead?
Kay, can you make sure I am available			Kay, can you make sure I am available
Please put it on my calendar.	Shirley,	Shirley,	Please put it on my calendar.
Please amend the independant amount figure to specify  216,000 instead of	hello all,. We have been asked by this customer to review certain credit language included within three confirmations for accuracy and possible amendment.. I have reviewed the terms and they are not exactly consistant perhaps with what was agreed to in principle.. Therefore, I am requesting three new confirmations be executed that effectively replace the original confirmations and send them to the customer.. Let me know if I can explain further.. TAG ND4986.1	TAG ND4986.1	Please amend the independant amount figure to specify 216,000 instead of 220,000.
Please review these comments from PGS.			Please review these comments from PGS.
Please print the attachments.			Please print the attachments.
To remove yourself from this service please login and use the  My Profile	The News Review site, http://www.news-review.co.uk home of Weekend City Press Review, now offers registered users two new features:. All registered users can now:. - do a text search in addition to a company search on the full six-year archive. - and set up favourite companies on their home page for easier and faster access to articles within the Review and the archive which relate to those companies. The best way to keep abreast of the weekend s financial news and views is to receive an email copy of Weekend City Press Review, either via the full Review, or the Clippings relating to specific companies in which you are interested.. Registered users are invited to take up the free offer of a 4 week subscription to any of the services, including PDF delivery of the Review, and the Clippings service.. To login please use this URL: http://www.news-review.co.uk/cgi-bin/gen5?runprog wcpr access PHONE 1086 t ype login. You can download this weekend s Full Review free of charge at http://www.news-review.co.uk/freepdf.pdf from 8pm UK time this Sunday. Your username for this service is vkaminski If you have forgotton your password you can retrieve it at http://www.news-review.co.uk/cgi-bin/gen5?runprog wcpr type remindme	Your username for this service is vkaminski If you have forgotton your password you can retrieve it at http://www.news-review.co.uk/cgi-bin/gen5?runprog wcpr type remindme	To remove yourself from this service please login and use the My Profile option.
at all possible, please try to attend.	I wanted to let you know about this meeting in case you wanted any of your schedulers to attend.. Thanks Tricia. Forwarded by Tricia Bowen/HOU/ECT on 02/02/2000 10:15 AM. If you currently have any Kerr McGee production on your pipe, please plan to attend the meeting today in room 30C1 at 1:30.. This should be a very quick meeting.. We will be discussing everyone s roles and responsibilities in maintaining the Kerr McGee tickets in Sitara.	We will be discussing everyone s roles and responsibilities in maintaining the Kerr McGee tickets in Sitara.	I realize we are dealing with numerous cuts and renoms during the day, but if at all possible, please try to attend.
Kay, can you please try to organize ASAP.	Guys, I would like to schedule a one hour meeting to discuss the 2000 and 2001 IT budget.. Essentially, I would like this first meeting to discuss our approach to a understanding in some detail our 2000 costs and the nature/behaviour of those costs and b in this context, ENA s priorities and the system plan, come up with the 2001 budget and how the accountability will be managed.	Essentially, I would like this first meeting to discuss our approach to a understanding in some detail our 2000 costs and the nature/behaviour of those costs and b in this context, ENA s priorities and the system plan, come up with the 2001 budget and how the accountability will be managed.	Kay, can you please try to organize ASAP.
Please call me to discuss.	FYI.. All:. Here is a rough first cut at a DASH for a potential deal with NSTAR to serve their Default Service.. Jim/Zach - please fill in all relevant numbers relating to volume/pricing, etc.. Also - please begin to get RAC in the loop with respect to this position and VaR impacts, etc.. Others - please review pertinent sections and edit/expand as appropriate.. Timing on this will likely be quick from this point and thus I would like to try to have a completed draft by COB today or first thing tomorrow.. We have a call with NSTAR tomorrow AM to negotiate the contract, and assuming all goes well there, we could be asked to sign a binding agreement by as early as Wednesday.	We have a call with NSTAR tomorrow AM to negotiate the contract, and assuming all goes well there, we could be asked to sign a binding agreement by as early as Wednesday.	Please call me to discuss.
Can you send me your s.	Hi Steve -. Here s my contact info.	Here s my contact info.	Can you send me your s.
7. Section 16 - Please add the word  written  before the word  consent .			-Folder: Mark Taylor Dec 2000 Notes Folders All documents X-Origin: Taylor-M X-FileName: mtaylor.nsf
feel it might be useful to; but please let them know to call me first and	Here s what I threw together this afternoon.. Let me know if there are any other people in particular you d like added to the list.. Also let me know if you try any of these extensions and they happen to be wrong we have a hard time keeping up with changing numbers too!. .	.	Forward this on to anyone you feel it might be useful to; but please let them know to call me first and foremost, since I ll probably be the most receptive on the phone.
be saved, please ask Christian Yoder and Steve Hall.	IMPORTANT EPMI POLICY REGARDING HARD COPY DOCUMENTS WHILE LITIGATION IS PENDING. This policy is in addition to my prior email about the procedure for handling email and electronic documents.. While most of what we do is contained within Enron s electronic systems, there still are times when hard copies are made or needed for running our business.. Here is how you must handle those hard copy documents:. 1.. The basic rule is that if you have hard copies of documents that are used in EPMI s business of selling energy in the WSCC, you must keep those documents until further notice.. If space becomes a problem, please contact Debra Davidson who can arrange for storage.. 2.. What constitutes a document?. In some instances you will have one copy of a document that has your handwritten notes on it, and another copy that may be clean.. For these purposes both are considered documents and both must be saved.. Similarly, if several people have copies of the same document, each separate copy is considered a separate document.. On the other hand, if you made 10 copies for a meeting and there were 4 left over that were never handed out or were not used, those may be recycled so long as you keep the ones that were used.. If you keep handwritten notes for your work, those would be considered documents as well.. Telephone notes, charts, printouts of data, spreadsheets etc.. all constitute documents.	all constitute documents.	If you have a question about what constitutes a document and whether it should be saved, please ask Christian Yoder and Steve Hall.
deadline of October 2, 2000, please execute the link to the following site	Enron U.S Employees:. A registration statement relating to a proposed initial public offering of shares of common stock of TNPC, Inc. TNPC , an affiliate of Enron Corp., has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.. In connection with the proposed offering, TNPC has arranged to reserve a limited number of shares of TNPC s common stock for purchase by Enron U.S. employees and certain other individuals Reserved Share Program .	In connection with the proposed offering, TNPC has arranged to reserve a limited number of shares of TNPC s common stock for purchase by Enron U.S. employees and certain other individuals Reserved Share Program .	If you have any interest in further information regarding the Reserved Share Program, which has a deadline of October 2, 2000, please execute the link to the following site where you will find a preliminary prospectus, a letter explaining the program, an expression of interest form, and an NASD questionnaire related to the offering:
Phillip/Barry, go ahead and start working with Mark as you develop your	Guys, I spoke with Mark this morning.. He is very supportive of the structure and idea.. I had indicated that he would continue to run the producer services business in the West but would also be part of the overall team as we plot out strategy in the West.. He wants to stay in Denver which I think we should be able to accomodate as long as his group stays integrated into the overall team.. I had indicated that we would consolidate market making into Houston and Paul Lucci could decide if he wants to continue trading or not - if so he needs to move to Houston.	I had indicated that we would consolidate market making into Houston and Paul Lucci could decide if he wants to continue trading or not - if so he needs to move to Houston.	Phillip/Barry, go ahead and start working with Mark as you develop your plans going forward.
Andrew, please add Kate Symes to your list of California Schedulers who need			Andrew, please add Kate Symes to your list of California Schedulers who need an H: drive in Houston.
please send a reply to this email with the words  Do Not E-Promote	Welcome to Red Herring!. Dear KEN LAY,. Thank you for your recent order of RED HERRING magazine.. We would like to welcome you - and congratulate you on the foresight and good business senseyou showed when you subscribed to our magazine.. RED HERRING brings you the most remarkable insights into the business of technology and all the business that technology touches.. Your first issue is on its way and should arrive shortly.. For your convenience, you may pay now through a secure payment form at:. http://www.mailsubs.com/offers/enter.asp?SEID PHONE -32 MC 693088LAY1400S095. Thank you for subscribing to RED HERRING - and welcome to the future!. Sincerely, Anthony Perkins Editor-in-Chief. Red Herring respects your privacy and we value our relationship with you.	Red Herring respects your privacy and we value our relationship with you.	If you do not wish to receive further e-mail notices, please send a reply to this email with the words Do Not E-Promote in the subject field.
Can you please take care of this for the estate curve files?			Can you please take care of this for the estate curve files?
Please review and let s discuss.			Please review and let s discuss.
Please reference the order tracking number.	Dear Mr. LARRY CAMPBELL:. Thank you for your order.. You bought 395 shares of AMAT Applied Matls Inc Com at 43.000000.. ORDER DETAILS: The tracking number for this order is: B-600-AASR-7355 Order entered at: 14:12:33 on 11/15/00 Order processing began at: 14:12:33 Order executed at: 14:13:20 on 11/15/00. You will receive a printed Datek Online confirmation by postal mail, or by electronic delivery if you are subscribed to that service.. Questions regarding this transaction?. Contact our Customer Support department by e-mailing support datek.com.	Contact our Customer Support department by e-mailing support datek.com.	Please reference the order tracking number.
Can you get together on getting some people.	East Orig was dessimated - we really need to staff up quickly.. Dave has some ideas of people and costs.	Dave has some ideas of people and costs.	Can you get together on getting some people.
Also, I will be attending the EEI meeting, so could you please include my	Please see AEP s comments to the EEI Collateral Annex attached.. I have revised AEP s comments to correspond to Enron s comments.	I have revised AEP s comments to correspond to Enron s comments.	Also, I will be attending the EEI meeting, so could you please include my name on the distribution list.
To un-forward your phone, dial 106, or press the  call fwd  button to make the light go out.			To un-forward your phone, dial 106, or press the call fwd button to make the light go out.
Call me and let me know.	Hi Mark ?. How are you?. ?. I wanted to call you at home, but I am never really sure when you are sleeping and I don t want to call and wake you up.. I know that you are busy at work but maybe you can call me when you have a free moment...in between the stress.. ?. I was wondering if you had any plans this week on your Friday night?. Which I think is Thursday or Wednesday...I m not really sure because it seems like you have worked a lot already this week.. ?. Anyway, I ll get to the point.. Would you like to come over on Thursday and have dinner with me?. I ll make something good.. Val will be at Jerry s so it would just be you and me.. ?	?	Call me and let me know.
Twanda, would you please print this for me?			Twanda, would you please print this for me?
Could you add these days to the	Daren - meter 1558 has flow and no nom for day 1 and day 6.. HPL is currently out there starting on day 7, deal 604056.	HPL is currently out there starting on day 7, deal 604056.	Could you add these days to the deal or let me know what you do.
you ve moved, so can you just email me your address again?	Hey!. How are all of you doing?. Everything s going well with us.. Farrell and I went home for Thanksgiving.. It was our first time back home since the wedding.. It was kinda strange because since we live nearby each other, we had to decide whos house we were going to stay at and when.. Oh the joys of being married and having to split your time between the families!. It was good to see his mom because we hadn t seen her since she started her chemo treatments.. She s doing well - she s pretty much lost all of her hair, but she is now getting some of her strength back.. She goes back to Houston next week for her fourth treatment and they ll do a sonogram to see how the tumor is doing.. She will most likely have a mastectomy in the next few months, and then we ll just go from there.. We also drove up to Austin last Thursday night for the game of Friday - GO HORNS!!. What a fun game that was!. I had been debating on whether or not I was going to go because I had surgery the Thursday before tonsillectomy - YUK!!. It was hard to not be able to scream after we scored touchdown after touchdown!!. I saw a lot of our pledge sisters at the game - Lindsay, Erica, Stacey, etc.. I was kinda out of it, though, because I was on a lot of pain medication, so they probably thought I was nuts!. Anyway, I just wanted to make sure I have all of your correct addresses.. Corey and Susan, do y all still live in the same places?	Corey and Susan, do y all still live in the same places?	And Elizabeth, I think you ve moved, so can you just email me your address again?
Can you unarchive m: common power position dpr 1999 and as far back as there are years in this directory.			Can you unarchive m: common power position dpr 1999 and as far back as there are years in this directory.
Can you help clear	Jacques,. I think we reached an agreement with George and Larry to pick up the items of value and not pay any fees for their time.. It looks as if we will be able to use everything they have done engineering, architecture, survey, appraisal .. One point that is unclear is they claim that the 15,000 in extensions that they paid was applied to the purchase price of the land like earnest money would be applied.. I looked at the closing statements and I didn t see 15,000 applied against the purchase price.	I looked at the closing statements and I didn t see 15,000 applied against the purchase price.	Can you help clear this up.
Can you find out who they sold the	Most likely this is an offset to our term sale to CES on CGAS.. Chris prepares CES invoices.. I don t know if he is aware of this.. Most likely, there is an offsetting sale that is not in or we need to back off an existing path and replace with this purchase.. Stephanie, Can you change the year from 2001 to 2000 on the deal, please.. Columbia Gas of Ohio, sitara 153863, purchase.. Mark, If you happen to have any info on who Enron sold the gas to since we re buying from Col Gas of OH , let Robert know--meanwhile he s checking with Robin and Chris on his end so he can path it.. Vic--this is only FYI.. Robert s taking the lead on finding out the info he needs to get this pathed in the system.. Thanks all.. Sandra x5-7213. Forwarded by Sandra Dial/HOU/ECT on 03/10/2000 01:25 PM. The deal ticket has 2001 on it not 2000.	The deal ticket has 2001 on it not 2000.	Can you find out who they sold the gas to.
In that regard, would you	Per our conversation with Dan F., ENA needs to understand issues related to the distinction between investor owned utilities or IOUs and municipal utilities or municipals in connection with derivatives activity.. In the U.S., this distinction enables us to treat IOUs as general corporates.. Thus, we negotiate our standard ISDA Master with an IOU, except that we add an Additional Termination Event to prevent the IOU from taking an adverse stance in its state public utility commission proceedings.. A copy of that Additional Termination Event is attached for your review.. Our approach with respect to municipals is dramatically different.. When negotiating an ISDA Master with municipals, we use a Schedule modeled after the 1992 U.S. Municipal Counterparty Schedule, having additional reps, the added concept of Incipient Illegality and an enforceability opinion.. A copy of that Schedule is also attached for your reference.. We would like to understand whether this distinction also exists in Canada, and if so, in all Canadian provinces, and whether there is a distinction when a municipal is an investor in an IOU as we understand that the government may assist a utility to emerge from bankruptcy .	We would like to understand whether this distinction also exists in Canada, and if so, in all Canadian provinces, and whether there is a distinction when a municipal is an investor in an IOU as we understand that the government may assist a utility to emerge from bankruptcy .	In that regard, would you recommend that ENA use distinct ISDA Schedules for these types of entities and/or would you recommend specific changes to our format?
Please call us at your convenience.			Please call us at your convenience.
As we would like to send this out as early as possible, please call me at	How did it get to be that these people are drafting their own NDA s. I thought our agreement when we met with Dovie Keptra was that I would draft them.. I would prefer every time not to have to figure out what they ve changed.. Attached for your review and comment please find the form of NDA that we intend to send to FLAG Telecom as soon as possible.. The attached is the same form as the Level 3 NDA distributed last week.	The attached is the same form as the Level 3 NDA distributed last week.	As we would like to send this out as early as possible, please call me at X54482 if you have any questions or comments.
Please look at the confirm  and let me know if it is ok.			Please look at the confirm and let me know if it is ok.
Please help assure that execution of this fits into the larger credit picture as well.	Wendy -- As discussed.. MidAm is anxious to get this EEI in place, and you had indicated the open power trades are not a large exposure SeeAtttachement A below .. Enron s triangular set-off is installed in 5.6, not the EEI s square set-off in the 5.6 B election.	Enron s triangular set-off is installed in 5.6, not the EEI s square set-off in the 5.6 B election.	Please help assure that execution of this fits into the larger credit picture as well.
Please send info.	Frank and Francisco:. Haven t seen you two in awhile!. ENA is considering a financial deal with an offshore entity located in Panama.. We have no research for this jurisdiction.. I will need to hire local counsel and send a deriviatives questionnaire for response.. Have you used Panamanian counsel before?	Have you used Panamanian counsel before?	Please send info.
Also, please send a fax copy of your signature page to Diane Hutnyan at	Jeff,. I am attaching a final version of your declaration for your signature.. Mike Smith added a few small changes, which you will see.. If you have any additional comments or revisions, let me know as soon as possible.. Once you have signed the declaration, please federal express the original to me:. Kristen Bird Quinn Emanuel Urquhart Oliver Hedges, LLP 895 South Figueroa Street, 10th Floor Los Angeles, CA PHONE	Kristen Bird Quinn Emanuel Urquhart Oliver Hedges, LLP 895 South Figueroa Street, 10th Floor Los Angeles, CA PHONE	Also, please send a fax copy of your signature page to Diane Hutnyan at PHONE as soon as possible.
Please contact John Graziano regarding PIRA report distribution at ext. 341.			Attached is PIRA s Western Grid Market Forecast for April 2001.
Can you send me the electronic version of the documents for Ben Gleason	Vasant,	Vasant,	Can you send me the electronic version of the documents for Ben Gleason cost of capital ?
Please contact Craig Breslau.			Please contact Craig Breslau.
Would you please either find Robin s correct e-mail	Taffy -. I ve been having trouble getting this e-mail to go through to Robin Tompkins at Portland General.	I ve been having trouble getting this e-mail to go through to Robin Tompkins at Portland General.	Would you please either find Robin s correct e-mail address and forward it to her or call and get her fax number and fax it to her.
Can you please prepare a proposal for Formosa based on the attached unwind	Eric and Charlie -. Attached is the same Neumin spreadsheet that I sent you last week, showing deals/volumes/prices per month.. I have added a new sheet titled Unwind that shows the volumes and prices for the unwind trade s that I want to propose to Formosa.. You will see that I have held the unwind volumes constant within each calendar year e.g., the unwind volumes for Cal 01 are 8,000 MMBTU/day, the unwind volumes for Cal 02 are 19,000 MMBTU/day, etc.. but the PRICES change each month, to correspond with the pricing of their current hedge positions.	but the PRICES change each month, to correspond with the pricing of their current hedge positions.	Can you please prepare a proposal for Formosa based on the attached unwind structure?
please look at this.			please look at this.
Please call when you have the opportunity to discuss the form	Attached please find a clean copy of the most recent version of the City of Austin Agreement the second document below , as well as a blackline showing changes from the last version circulated on December 14.. The Agreement deletes references to specific performance guarantees for combined cycle plants.. The Agreement now has the exhibits rolled in.. To complete the agreement, we need to include the date of execution, the addresses and contacts for Sections 25.1 and 25.3, and Exhibit H-2.. Let me know if you would like me to e-mail a copy of this directly to Lee Johnson and Kent Shoemaker.	Let me know if you would like me to e-mail a copy of this directly to Lee Johnson and Kent Shoemaker.	Please call when you have the opportunity to discuss the form agreement you asked me to create.
Please advise as to what attorney will review my comments and put me	Thomas:. Attached is a redline of the Client Agreement.. I know that Gary Hickerson will be meeting with J P Morgan early next week and would like to have this agreed.	I know that Gary Hickerson will be meeting with J P Morgan early next week and would like to have this agreed.	Please advise as to what attorney will review my comments and put me in touch with that person today.
Please send them to the Calgary office to my attention:	Margaret,	Margaret,	Please send them to the Calgary office to my attention:
Please call once you ve had a chance to review.	Hi Patrice,. I am attaching our comments red-lined to Enron s Master.	I am attaching our comments red-lined to Enron s Master.	Please call once you ve had a chance to review.
To attend, please email David Brehan and specify the session  A, B, C or D	Do you have questions about the 01;migration from Lotus Notes to Outlook 20 2000?. 01; 01;Well, have we got a deal for you!. 01; Members of the Outlook Migration 20 and Network Integration team Project OMNI will be 01;hosting demonstratio ns of 20 Outlook on Tuesday, January 16 and Thursday, January 18 in 01;room 5C2.. You will 20 be able to see the new messaging and calendaring solution in action and get 20 all of your questions answered.. Choose from one of the following sessions: 01; January 16th - Room 5C2 Session A: 01; 01;8:30 am - 10:00 am Session B: 01; 10:30 am - 12:00 pm. January 18th - Room 5C2 Session C: 01; 1:00 pm - 2:30 pm Session D: 01; 3:00 pm - 4:30 pm	January 18th - Room 5C2 Session C: 01; 1:00 pm - 2:30 pm Session D: 01; 3:00 pm - 4:30 pm	To attend, please email David Brehan and specify the session A, B, C or D .
Please print two copies.			Please print two copies.
Please give me your comments as soon as	This too has to be filed today.	This too has to be filed today.	Please give me your comments as soon as possible.
Can you help with this one?			Can you help with this one?
Could you find out if Patina has performed a gas analysis on the zone to			Could you find out if Patina has performed a gas analysis on the zone to be completed at your new well.
Can you make sure that your form of master has the triangular setoff language that Mark Haedicke distributed a month or so ago to be included in all agreements, as CNR wants to ensure there is cross-affiliate setoff.	Gerald, I attach a copy of the current form of master physical gas agreement ECC has in place with CNR.. Randy will send you a credit worksheet in the next half hour.	Randy will send you a credit worksheet in the next half hour.	Can you make sure that your form of master has the triangular setoff language that Mark Haedicke distributed a month or so ago to be included in all agreements, as CNR wants to ensure there is cross-affiliate setoff.
Rob, can you give me a view on where you stand for fourth quarter from an			Rob, can you give me a view on where you stand for fourth quarter from an orig point of view ie deals and value.
Could you please reply by e-mail  directly to Joseph and Mark with the location of the meeting and other details.	Hunter, thanks for agreeing to set up a meeting with Mark Rogers and Joseph Cheung of Petro-Canada.. Mark and Jospeh will be in Houston on May 17th 2:30 pm and would like to meet with some members of the central desk to discuss Chicago and MidWest fundamentals.	Mark and Jospeh will be in Houston on May 17th 2:30 pm and would like to meet with some members of the central desk to discuss Chicago and MidWest fundamentals.	Could you please reply by e-mail directly to Joseph and Mark with the location of the meeting and other details.
May and Kathleen, would you please coordinate who is going to get the redraft to Dynegy.	These changes are fine.	These changes are fine.	May and Kathleen, would you please coordinate who is going to get the redraft to Dynegy.
Send your entries by email to sarah.palmer enron.com, by fax to 713-853-679	We re getting so many great stories that we ve extended the deadline for yo ur 20 Enron Business Extreme Enron entries to Wednesday, March 28!. Have no idea 20 what we re talking about?. Read on 01 Enron employees are famous for taking risks.. Is this an ingrained 20 characteristic?. Are we natural-born adrenaline junkies?. We think so, but we 20 want to find out from you.. If your idea of a good vacation is training for the Eco-Challenge, driving 20 monster trucks or assisting archeological digs in Siberia, tell us all abou t 20 it.. If you know of an employee who has an unusual pastime like missionary 20 work in the Congo, chasing tornadoes or filming sharks, we want to know.	If you know of an employee who has an unusual pastime like missionary 20 work in the Congo, chasing tornadoes or filming sharks, we want to know.	Send your entries by email to sarah.palmer enron.com, by fax to 713-853-679 0 20 or by mail to Sarah Palmer, Enron Public Relations, EB4703D, Houston, Texas 20 77002.
Please forward this to a friend!	Travelzoo Weekly Top 20 Visit http://www.travelzoo.com/top20 for a free subscription.. Every week we search 200 companies for their very best sales and compile this Top 20 list.. Thank you for subscribing.	Thank you for subscribing.	Please forward this to a friend!
if this doesn t show Bill G as an addressee, please forward from your	I couldn t get the email through to Bill Gang, so lets try William.	I couldn t get the email through to Bill Gang, so lets try William.	Bill V, if this doesn t show Bill G as an addressee, please forward from your computer.
please forward to the relevant party.	Rob,. I don t know if you can help me with this, but I need to get a new stack manager logon ID created under my name ebass logon .. Can you help?	Can you help?	If not please forward to the relevant party.
Could you please follow up on this.			Could you please follow up on this.
Please reference the order tracking number.	Dear Mr. LARRY CAMPBELL:. Thank you for your order.. You bought 1 shares of JNPR Juniper Networks Inc Com at PHONE 00.. ORDER DETAILS: The tracking number for this order is: B-300-AAYY-7964 Order entered at: 12:05:30 on 11/15/00 Order processing began at: 12:05:31 Order executed at: 12:05:31 on 11/15/00. You will receive a printed Datek Online confirmation by postal mail, or by electronic delivery if you are subscribed to that service.. Questions regarding this transaction?. Contact our Customer Support department by e-mailing support datek.com.	Contact our Customer Support department by e-mailing support datek.com.	Please reference the order tracking number.
Please take a moment to review this forwarded Open Season	Frank,. I am attempting to re-deliver an e-mail that was addressed in error originally.	I am attempting to re-deliver an e-mail that was addressed in error originally.	Please take a moment to review this forwarded Open Season offer from our client company, Wild Goose Storage.
Please set up the following contract with ENA as agent for Columbia Energy			Please set up the following contract with ENA as agent for Columbia Energy Marketing.
Can you help get me access?	You may or may not be able to do anything about this but I ve requested access to several different desk in Sitara and the people that approve these items all work for UBS.. Now I m trying to pull up a deal that was on the central desk I thought and its showing up as a west desk ticket and I can t access it.. I thought I was the one that entered it in Sitara.. Sitara deal PHONE is an example.	Sitara deal PHONE is an example.	Can you help get me access?
Eric, incase i forgot to forward, please followup and lets meet him.			Eric, incase i forgot to forward, please followup and lets meet him.
Please forward a draft of the Master Netting agmt to Tractebel.			Please forward a draft of the Master Netting agmt to Tractebel.
Yes, please, go ahead.	Sevil,	Sevil,	Yes, please, go ahead.
Please contact Eddie Ledesma  916  351-5881 or  Benik DerGevorgian  916	URGENT NOTIFICATION: SI Server maintenance will be done, TODAY, Monday, July 30, 2001 17:20 to 17:55pdt .. In case of SI system trouble, we will Fallback to our backup SI server in Alhambra.. Please submit all Hour Ahead schedules for July 30th, HE 2000 and Supplemental Energy schedules for 1900 prior to 1700!. If the fallback is PERFORMED, Please clear your memory and disk caches Edit, Preferences, Advanced, Cache close all Netscape windows including messages .. Restart Netscape and point your browsers to our Backup server by utilizing the following URL: https://alhibk1b/iso.. We will provide additional notification to you.	We will provide additional notification to you.	Please contact Eddie Ledesma PHONE or Benik DerGevorgian 9 PHONE if you have any questions or concerns.
If so please could  could email them to me as	Dear Vince, ?. I just wondered whether you have had chance to look at your bullet points and bio for the maths course.	I just wondered whether you have had chance to look at your bullet points and bio for the maths course.	If so please could could email them to me as soon as possible.
Please pass to Hedy and Bev.	FYI.	FYI.	Please pass to Hedy and Bev.
please call after reading			please call after reading
Please auto schedule the following annuities  508756,508759,508762.	Kate,	Kate,	Please auto schedule the following annuities 508756,508759,508762.
Please reach out to	Hello!. Will and I decided this would be a good way to ask for assistance from the TFA national board members residing in Houston.. TFA-H is enjoying incredible momentum right now--so much so that we are once again in dire need of computers.. We have made contact with several companies and have some corporate proposals under consideration, but those are down the road relationships assuming they work out as planned.	We have made contact with several companies and have some corporate proposals under consideration, but those are down the road relationships assuming they work out as planned.	Please reach out to anyone and everyone to make them aware of TFA-Houston and how much the contribution of retired computers means to the disadvantaged neighborhoods and schools that we serve.
please sign and attend this.	Vicky,	Vicky,	please sign and attend this.
Please give me a call tomorrow.	Sorry Vince I have been out of town.	Sorry Vince I have been out of town.	Please give me a call tomorrow.
Please take them from me!!!!!			You know how I hate to have originals.
agreement with this version of the contract,  please print two originals sign	Mr. Hall:. Attached is a revised Gas Purchase Agreement and Confirm for your review.. I have completed the confirm, and revised Sections 3.3 and 9.2.	I have completed the confirm, and revised Sections 3.3 and 9.2.	If you are in agreement with this version of the contract, please print two originals sign the contract and confirm, return both to my attention at the location below.
Please review your	Please confirm that our numbers tie out to this new schedule.. Let me know by noon on Friday.. Patty. Forwarded by Patricia A Lee/HOU/EES on 08/09/2001 07 :39 PM. Attached is an updated 2nd Current Estimate Model.. Apparently, the one we received earlier only included the 3rd Quarter numbers.	Apparently, the one we received earlier only included the 3rd Quarter numbers.	Please review your models and make the adjustments as necessary.
Please someone give me	What is the time frame these units need to be down.. There are no postings for volume deductions.	There are no postings for volume deductions.	Please someone give me some ideas.
Give me a call at x3-6320.	I could meet today after 5pm.	I could meet today after 5pm.	Give me a call at x3-6320.
limits that prevent us from pulling this amount, please pull as much as you	Joan--With respect to CES s TCO storage for the COH choice program, please schedule 48,000 dth/day to be withdrawn for the last 6 days of Februray.. If necessary, CES will sell back flowing gas to Enron in order to maintain the storage withdrawal at this level.	If necessary, CES will sell back flowing gas to Enron in order to maintain the storage withdrawal at this level.	If TCO imposes some sort of operational limits that prevent us from pulling this amount, please pull as much as you can up to this amount without violating the limits or otherwise incurring penalties.
Stage, and as soon as you both get a chance to test it, and give it your ok,	Hi Kate, Cara,. I m the new Enpower QA here in Houston, replacing Nadine who has moved on to another project.. There was a bug found in the Fwd Obl report, concerning the desk choice disappearing after the report has been ran.. Corry Bentley here in Houston has looked at the fix and I would like for you two to have a chance to view it also before moving it to production.	Corry Bentley here in Houston has looked at the fix and I would like for you two to have a chance to view it also before moving it to production.	It is currently in Stage, and as soon as you both get a chance to test it, and give it your ok, I can get it moved to production.
Please login to iPayit and resolve this invoice as soon as possible.	Alert!. You are receiving this message because you have an unresolved invoice in your iPayit in-box that is past due.. It is critical that you login to iPayit and take immediate action to resolve this invoice.. Remember, you play an important role in ensuring that we pay our vendors on time.. Tip!. : You must login to the system to forward this invoice to another user.. You are receiving this message because you have an unresolved invoice in your iPayit in-box that is past due.	You are receiving this message because you have an unresolved invoice in your iPayit in-box that is past due.	Please login to iPayit and resolve this invoice as soon as possible.
Please call Rebecca Carter	I look forward to seeing you Thursday evening, February 15, at the Texas Public Policy Foundation TPPF event, A Farewell Evening with Lady Margaret Thatcher.. Wendy Gramm, who serves on our Board, is the Chairman of the Board of the TPPF.. The TPPF is a state research institute guided by the core principles of limited government, free enterprise, private property rights and individual responsibility.. TPPF is similar in many respects to the Heritage Foundation in Washington, D.C., but focuses on state issues.. Below are the pertinent details for the event.	Below are the pertinent details for the event.	Please call Rebecca Carter x3-7241 or Sherri Sera x3-5984 if you have any questions.
please forward to all East Desk members			please forward to all East Desk members
please print all of this.			please print all of this.
Steve s morning is wide open, so please give me a time  one hour  that works	I have cleared my calendar, so any time in the morning works for me.. Best, Jeff. Jeff/Michael,. In preparation of Ken Lay s tour through California next week, Steve Kean would like to meet with the two of you in Houston on Tuesday morning.	In preparation of Ken Lay s tour through California next week, Steve Kean would like to meet with the two of you in Houston on Tuesday morning.	Steve s morning is wide open, so please give me a time one hour that works with your schedules.
Please confirm the dates; November is already past.			Please confirm the dates; November is already past.
comments with respect to the memo, please give me a call.	Peter Keohane thought the brief memo below may be of interest to you it 20 relates to the Canadian securities representation to be contained in the 20 Weyerhaeuser Company Limited ISDA .	Peter Keohane thought the brief memo below may be of interest to you it 20 relates to the Canadian securities representation to be contained in the 20 Weyerhaeuser Company Limited ISDA .	If you have any questions, concerns or 20 comments with respect to the memo, please give me a call.
For the month of March, please provide a	We need to turn these in to Shari immediately.. Please try to do these yourself.. If you run into problems see me tomorrow afternoon.. Ccg. Hello,. We have prepared January and February data and will be scheduling meetings with you in the next few weeks.	We have prepared January and February data and will be scheduling meetings with you in the next few weeks.	For the month of March, please provide a completed Hours survey for each position within your group.
Please Call with question,	To Whom it may concern:. Tag 23841 was cut by 50 MW for HE 01 and HE 02.. Wally NEVP said he heard of the cut 23:30 on 06/27/01 but he neglected to call us and tell us abo ut the cut.. The reason for the cut was PAC non-firm tranny being cut that PSCO bought.. However they sold us a firm product.. PNM didn t know about t he cut either until their reliability person told them they were pushing po wer on the grid Approx.. time of notification 01:20 .. We booked out with P SCO and PNM for HE 01 and HE 02 on the 4C345 part of the transaction deals 666385 and 666387 .. For HE 03 25 MW was cut and we booked out with PSCO a nd PNM on the 4C345 piece of the transaction deals 666385 and 666387 .. PS CO resupplied the power for HE 03 from SRP Mead 230.. The same thing hap pened for HE 06 as HE 03.. SRP resupplied the power for HE 06.. I bought b ack for HE 06 from PSCO 4C345 and resold the power to SRP.. The deals are in the RT Inc. sheet for the 28th of June.. After the fact, I spoke with R yan PSCO and he agreed to be billed liquidated damages for HE 01 and HE 0 2 on the MEAD 230 part of the transaction 06:00 on Kate Symes Phone .	After the fact, I spoke with R yan PSCO and he agreed to be billed liquidated damages for HE 01 and HE 0 2 on the MEAD 230 part of the transaction 06:00 on Kate Symes Phone .	Please Call with question,
Please destroy earlier versions of this report.	Robert,. Here is an updated sheet with EPMI physical transactions with deliveries in California.. The format has been improved and I added a breakout for transactions with Dynegy.	The format has been improved and I added a breakout for transactions with Dynegy.	Please destroy earlier versions of this report.
Please take a look at question 4 in the attached file.	Response - There is not enough info.. in item four for me to fully answer.. I also need to know what the content of document 2.02.12.G.. However, I ll give it my best shot:. The interconnect facilities upstream of the intersection of the lateral and N. Border s Manhattan Station are subject to FERC jurisdiction.. N. Border completed the hot tap and interconnect facilities under its blanket authorization.. I do not know what they mean by the rest of the Lincoln facility .. As for the question relating to the outcome of the EIS process for the pipeline , do they mean the lateral or the interconnect facility?. Chris/Dave:	Chris/Dave:	Please take a look at question 4 in the attached file.
However, please confirm and assure that all SQMD meter data	Market Participants:. Please assure that this information is forwarded to your respective Pre-Scheduling, Real Time Dispatch and Metering Operations!!. !. The transition to Daylight Savings Time is rapidly approaching.. In preparation ISO Market Operations has provided the following Scheduling Procedure to help assure a smooth transition.. The Scheduling Procedure is the same one used in 2001.. CAISO Scheduling Procedure for Daylight Savings Time Transition. The following is a brief explanation of how SC s should prepare schedules for submission to the CAISO Scheduling Infrastructure SI system for the upcoming conversion to Daylight Savings Time commencing on 4/7/01.. When submitting preferred or revised preferred schedules for Trade Date 4/7/01, which is considered a Short day, SC s should schedule all 24 hours of information with the data for HE03 being zero.. The ISO s System Applications SA do not read or write data from/to the SI database for the Short day s HE03.. Therefore, no data will be sent to settlements for this hour.. Consequently, settlements will have only 23 records for this Short day, Trade Date 4/7/01.. If you have additional Scheduling questions for this trade date, please contact Alek Kandybenko, ISO Market Operations, PHONE .. CAISO Metering Procedure for Daylight Savings Time Transition. The ISO receives all Settlement Quality Meter Data SQMD in PST, year around.. Therefore, the transition to DST should require no modification to meter data submission.	Therefore, the transition to DST should require no modification to meter data submission.	However, please confirm and assure that all SQMD meter data continues to be submitted to ISO MDAS in PST.
Mark, would you please forward to those who need to see it besides Audrey	Crescendo only acquisition.. Is this being looked at as an ENA acquistion also, or solely a Crescendo acquisition?. I received the proposed PSA for the Wildhorse acquisition from Petrie Parkman today.. I have attached for everyone s review.. We are required to send back to TBI with proposed changes with our proposal.	We are required to send back to TBI with proposed changes with our proposal.	Mark, would you please forward to those who need to see it besides Audrey and Gerald.
Please give me a call with your questions and or comments regarding the	Sherri,. Attached is a revised version of the Payment Guaranty between Enron North America Corp. and SCANA to cover gas purchase transactions.	Attached is a revised version of the Payment Guaranty between Enron North America Corp. and SCANA to cover gas purchase transactions.	Please give me a call with your questions and or comments regarding the enclosed.
Please distribute to everyone in group in North America.			Please distribute to everyone in group in North America.
Please check with Mike Barnas,Kent Shoemaker  GE contact list  and Rose			Please check with Mike Barnas,Kent Shoemaker GE contact list and Rose Engeldorf and see if they are available at either 1100 Central tomorrow or 100 Central.
Please delete all the files from your hard drive and	Forwarded by Chris Germany/HOU/ECT on 07/25/2000 01:47 PM. You have just received the Aggie Virus As we don t have any programming experience, this virus works on the honor system.	You have just received the Aggie Virus As we don t have any programming experience, this virus works on the honor system.	Please delete all the files from your hard drive and manually forward this virus to everyone on your mailing list.
go ahead and send	did you get my email yesterday?. i emailed you to see if you could get me the numbers and email addresses of the bachelor party guys.	i emailed you to see if you could get me the numbers and email addresses of the bachelor party guys.	go ahead and send them to me if you have them.
please direct any input regarding external candidates for these positions to	Shirely, please print this out for Vice before the meeting.. Thanks,. Ravi.. Forwarded by Ravi Thuraisingham/Enron Communications on 01/18/00 02:00 PM. The Network Engineering and Operations organization is taking shape.. The attached organization chart reflects my direct reports and the major disciplines within the engineering organization.. Please support this leadership team in executing our mission to support our current network as well as deploy the GFN infrastructure and support systems.	Please support this leadership team in executing our mission to support our current network as well as deploy the GFN infrastructure and support systems.	You will notice that there are many leadership openings in the organization, please direct any input regarding external candidates for these positions to Patty Pennington.
Sue, can you make sure that Jeremy and team have a synopsis and outline of next steps.	After the PHC today, we should have a better feel where the parties are and what the discussions will provide for.	After the PHC today, we should have a better feel where the parties are and what the discussions will provide for.	Sue, can you make sure that Jeremy and team have a synopsis and outline of next steps.
Please work w/ Darla and Mary for November, 2000	You make it sound like you are going away for good.. I ll see you when you come back.. Well, they put me on this special audit team to research anything that Chris Germany transacted.. Not really, just kidding!!. !. I just decided that it is time for a change and an opportunity came up.. I was in Gas Settlements for a little over a 1 1/2.. Don t worry, Mary will take care of you!!. By the way, Darla Saucier will be handling the The New Power Company counterparty.	By the way, Darla Saucier will be handling the The New Power Company counterparty.	Please work w/ Darla and Mary for November, 2000 business.
Please provide me an update on the progress of the working group you have led			Please provide me an update on the progress of the working group you have led this year.
Please review the attached balance sheet with Matt and get his sign off as	Rebecca:	Rebecca:	Please review the attached balance sheet with Matt and get his sign off as soon as possible.
take a look at it and help me identify what is causing our variances.	Robin, I took a look at the intra-cand-west-phy calc and there is nothing about the calc that is different from yesterday which Kam set up .. I took a look at the detail but it is very difficult to use because if does not tie into the summary page at all.. I did note the following things though: You are not pulling in our CGPR-Aeco/Basis Positions into the summary a quick look at Aug/Sept/of Oct will show this July will NEVER tie out until systems is able to roll off 1/30th of the MI positions daily.. This applies to physical, gas daily and Financial.. Please continue to use the positions we send you until we are able to tie. Kathy. Kathy. Hey Guys,. We are still not pulling the Intra-Cand-West-Phy book into the benchmark.. I have talked to the systems administrator and he thinks it might be in how the book is set up in the system.. I have attached below a copy of the screen that shows how we have desigated the various codes for this book.. Please look at this and verify that we have it set up properly.. If you have any questions feel free to give me a call.. I am also attaching the detail that I pulled out of the GRMS system.	I am also attaching the detail that I pulled out of the GRMS system.	Please take a look at it and help me identify what is causing our variances.
Please notify me of any discrepancies.	Here are the spreadsheets for the unfinaled invoices prior to May 2000.	Here are the spreadsheets for the unfinaled invoices prior to May 2000.	Please notify me of any discrepancies.
Please review and advise if	Mr. Nemec,. We have added language from David Marshall.	We have added language from David Marshall.	Please review and advise if this is acceptable.
Please communicate questions or adjustments to Jim Little or myself.	FYI. Attached are the 05/00 financial liquidations for Denver.. Please refer to the sheet with Recon Variances tab for the details supporting the summary page.	Please refer to the sheet with Recon Variances tab for the details supporting the summary page.	Please communicate questions or adjustments to Jim Little or myself.
If the format is OK please complete and resend to me with your view on	Fletch... attached is the bid sheet that I put together to keep track of all your sporadic pricing initiatives.	Fletch... attached is the bid sheet that I put together to keep track of all your sporadic pricing initiatives.	If the format is OK please complete and resend to me with your view on current prices.
Please print these on Enron logo only letterhead.			Please print these on Enron logo only letterhead.
According to my calculations, TP1 demand charges should be  1,115,826 for Nov.  Would you change that for me?			According to my calculations, TP1 demand charges should be 1,115,826 for Nov. Would you change that for me?
can  you please review the Auto-download Program Version 1 spec and let me	hi Mark,	hi Mark,	The files-download tool is finished, but before we deploy it to the field, can you please review the Auto-download Program Version 1 spec and let me know if it follows the requirements?
Please include your daytime phone number with your entry.	The New York City Marathon will take place as scheduled on Sunday, November 4, 2001.. The following are items of special interest:. HOTELS Prices have been reduced at selected New York City Hotels.. Please check www.nycmarathon.org for complete hotel and airline information.. FINISH LINE BANQUET The 2001 New York City Marathon Finish Line Banquet will be held at Tavern on the Green, West 67th Street and Central Park West, from 10:15 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. on Marathon Sunday, November 4.. It includes champagne brunch, gourmet cuisine, open bar, VIP seats at the Finish Line, and large-screen broadcast of the entire race live on WNBC.. RSVP by October 19 to Amanda Landers at PHONE or amandal nyrrc.org.. Click here www.nyrrc.org/nyrrc/mar01/info/flbanquet.html for the Internet registration, download our printable form, or call PHONE .. EXPO The New York City Marathon Expo is moving from its previously announced location at Pier 94 because the City of New York is using this space in connection with the World Trade Center disaster recovery effort.. The new Expo location has yet to be determined.. Please stay tuned to www.nycmarathon.org for an announcement of the new location.. PONTIAC COMEBACK RUNNER OF THE YEAR This year Pontiac and New York Road Runners present the Comeback Runner of the Year Award.. This annual award honors two runners, one elite and one recreational, who have come back from adversity to compete in the 2001 New York City Marathon.. In addition to presenting the winner a beautiful trophy produced by Tiffany Co., Pontiac will donate 1,000 in the winners names to the Twin Towers Fund.. Your entry should explain, in 100 words or less, the challenge you overcame.	Your entry should explain, in 100 words or less, the challenge you overcame.	Please include your daytime phone number with your entry.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	kathleen shroyer 622 scott st monroe, MI 48161 kshroyer earthlink.net. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
please do this ASAP as I need to get back to Joe Hunter.	Bruce,. Please launch the attached file to see a list of deals with the counterparty GiroTondo Corp that need to changed as noted in the attachment.	Please launch the attached file to see a list of deals with the counterparty GiroTondo Corp that need to changed as noted in the attachment.	If you could please do this ASAP as I need to get back to Joe Hunter.
Please review attached letter to customers ASAP.			Please review attached letter to customers ASAP.
Please approve and auto route 483760,483758,483752,483755.	All deals have been approved and auto scheduled.. 483760 - 11/1/00 483758 - 11/1/00 483752 - 11/18/00 483755 - 11/18/00. Thanks, Kate. Kate,	Kate,	Please approve and auto route 483760,483758,483752,483755.
Please make sure that Gary gets a copy of the Industrial spreadsheet.			Robert, Please make sure that Gary gets a copy of the Industrial spreadsheet.
Maybe I am the one confused, but could you please call me to discuss.	Gerald, a couple of comments... 1 Pricing does not change until 1/102, nor do other provisions like the keep whole, The way you have the contracts drafted, it is as if we have new terms beginning now.. I think the producers will object to this and think we are trying to put something over on them now.. Can we make the new contracts effective 1/1/02?. 2 Under Art.. 2 Contract price....I have a questions about the 80 of First of the Month Nomination ...what about the 5 swing they get...Shouldn t it be 80 of actuals, subject to the keep whole?	2 Contract price....I have a questions about the 80 of First of the Month Nomination ...what about the 5 swing they get...Shouldn t it be 80 of actuals, subject to the keep whole?	Maybe I am the one confused, but could you please call me to discuss.
Could you do me a favor and, when you receive the fully executed confirms	I believe that, as you requested, I have now had executed and returned to you by fax copies of the commodity swaps between Enron Canada and each of RBC, TD Bank and Risk Management as well as the two rate swaps between Enron Canada and each of RBC and TD.. I believe the only other confirm requiring Enron Canada s execution in this transaction is the back-to-back rate swap between Enron Canada and ENA, whereby Enron Canada swaps the floating rate for the fixed rate with ENA.. You can send that confirm directly to my attention by e-mail and I will get it signed and sent back to you.. I understand that you will be attending to obtaining counterparty execution of these confirms.	I understand that you will be attending to obtaining counterparty execution of these confirms.	Could you do me a favor and, when you receive the fully executed confirms back from the respective counterparties, fax fully executed copies of all the confirms to my attention at PHONE .
Will you make sure everyone in HR department know the deadline.	As you all know the deadline for 2000 invoices to AP was on Friday, December 15, 2000.. In order to get all 2000 expenses accounted for in 2000, I need an e-mail from you with name of the vendor, amount, cost center to be billed to, contact person if any .. Some of the costs to consider: services provided to Enron in 2000 but we have not receive the invoices, employee expense reports, and/or any purchases we made in 2000, but have not submit the invoices to AP by the cutoff date.. I need this information by noon Friday, December 29, 2000.. If you have any questions, call me at 5-7094.. Thanx. Irma, Kristi and Ramona,	Irma, Kristi and Ramona,	Will you make sure everyone in HR department know the deadline.
Please respond to gappy stanford.edu	Giuseppe,. Thanks a lot.. I would appreciate if you could set up a meeting with Prof. Bambos.. We talked to him during our last visit and we would like to follow up with some specific proposals regarding research projects Enron could sponsor.. Vince	Vince	Giuseppe Andrea Paleologo gappy stanford.edu on 02/14/2000 03:20:52 PM Please respond to gappy stanford.edu To: Vince J Kaminski/HOU/ECT ECT cc: Subject: Visiting Enron
Therefore, please send me your comments at your earliest	Here are my comments:. Revise whereas clauses to make it an option for an easement, not a current grant of an easement.. Should we be able to enter all of Parcel 2 for due diligence, as opposed to just the easement area?. paragraph 7. Matt, I wanted you to be aware of paragraph 17.. Kay. - CHI Donald.Shindler piperrudnick.com. ledford-titan option to purchase , livingston county.DOC. Attached hereto, please find the draft Ledford-Titan Option to Purchase Real Estate and Grant of Easement for your review.. Per my emails with Rusty, we intend to messenger the execution copies to the Ledford s attorney on Monday at mid-day.	Per my emails with Rusty, we intend to messenger the execution copies to the Ledford s attorney on Monday at mid-day.	Therefore, please send me your comments at your earliest convenience.
please add to my schedule.			please add to my schedule.
Please use your	Dear Kim,. This e-mail is automated notification of the availability of your current Natural Gas Intelligence Newsletter s .	This e-mail is automated notification of the availability of your current Natural Gas Intelligence Newsletter s .	Please use your username of kward and your password to access
Please review and confirm	Hi Jeff!. I know you received the information below.. Additionally, I have 2 people from Broadband Services meeting us there Friday one is Traci Warner who set up the Rice U deal .. Further, I ll be meeting with Amy Briggs regarding the Entrepeneurship Conference Nov 30th and Dec 1st.. I ve already spoken with her and Tom Piazze and both independently confirmed as you suspected that we committed to sponsor at the 10,000 level.. This entitles us to Banners, panels, posters, and most importantly, a Keynote address.. I ll discuss the keynote address with her but would appreciate your thoughts in advance as to how you d like to see the Keynote speech executed suggestions for topics, proposed speaking candidates, when in the conference you d like to see Enron s speech, etc .. I ll review the trip with you when we return.. Thanks Jeff!. --Christie.. A team of key executives from Enron will be on campus on the 19th of October for the purposes of meeting with key staff and faculty to learn more about the School and how the firm can gain a greater presence here.. Included in this group will be:. Vince Kaminski, Director of Research. Christie Patrick, VP, University Relations. Mike Rosen, Director, University Affairs Group. I have developed a proposed agenda for the visit.	I have developed a proposed agenda for the visit.	Please review and confirm that you are available to meet with one or more of the Enron Team at the times specified.
To set up the Denver desk in TDS send a message to Bill Fortney with the			To set up the Denver desk in TDS send a message to Bill Fortney with the following:
Mary - pls submit an RCR.	I agree that someone should file.. Curious if we can send in our message through EPSA or WPTF?. Mary s last point about the non-ISO and PX markets is a key point.. We need to keep any FERC action contained to those markets.	We need to keep any FERC action contained to those markets.	Mary - pls submit an RCR.
regarding early close procedures, please call Fred Tantao 299-2045, Rob	Notice 01-157 May 14, 2001. TO: ALL NYMEX/COMEX DIVISION MEMBERS ALL NYMEX/COMEX DIVISION MEMBER FIRMS ALL NYMEX/COMEX DIVISION CLEARING FIRMS ALL NYMEX/COMEX DIVISION OPERATION MANAGERS. FROM: Stu Smith, Senior Vice President, Operations. RE: Exchange Early Contract Closing Schedule for May 25, 2001. Please be advised that the Exchange will close markets earlier on Friday, May 25, 2001, the business day preceding Memorial Day.. The following early contract closing schedule will be implemented:. NYMEX DIVISION. Commodity Closing Range. Palladium Futures 11:58 a.m. - 12:00 noon Platinum Futures and Options 12:08 p.m. - 12:10 p.m.. Heating Oil Futures and Options 12:58 p.m. - 1:00 p.m.. Unleaded Gasoline Futures and Options 12:58 p.m. - 1:00 p.m.. Crack Gas Crack Heat Options 12:58 p.m. - 1:00 p.m. Propane Futures 12:58 p.m. - 1:00 p.m. Crude Oil Futures and Options 12:58 p.m. - 1:00 p.m. Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Options 12:58 p.m. - 1:00 p.m. Permian Pool Natural Gas Futures 12:58 p.m. - 1:00 p.m. Alberta Natural Gas Futures 12:58 p.m. - 1:00 p.m. Gulf Coast Gasoline Futures 12:58 p.m. - 1:00 p.m.. COMEX DIVISION. Aluminum Futures and Options 11:59 a.m. - 12:00 noon Copper Futures and Options 12:04 p.m. - 12:05 p.m. Silver Futures and Options 12:04 p.m. - 12:05 p.m. Gold Futures and Options 12:09 p.m. - 12:10 p.m.. The Eurotop 100 300 contracts will conduct normal trading hours.. The NYMEX Late Submissions Area is scheduled to close at 2:30 p.m. and the NYMEX Trade Correction Area will close at 3:15 p.m., the TMS trade allocation screens will be available until 4:30 p.m.. The COMEX Division s OLTE System will be available for corrections until 2:30 p.m.	The COMEX Division s OLTE System will be available for corrections until 2:30 p.m.	In the event that you require additional time to process work, or have questions regarding early close procedures, please call Fred Tantao PHONE , Rob Stasi PHONE , George Henderson PHONE , Les Faison PHONE NYMEX Division or Michael Campanelli PHONE , David Sherman PHONE COMEX Division .
Daren, can you help me with placing K s   the below listed meters?			Daren, can you help me with placing K s the below listed meters?
originator on this deal is Fred Lagrasta, so please contact him  ext. 36529			-Origin: Taylor-M X-FileName: mtaylor.nsf
Please sign me up for this course whenever Hunter is signed up.			Ina, Please sign me up for this course whenever Hunter is signed up.
Please follow the steps below to access the new environment	IMPORTANT - THE IDS BELOW WILL BE YOUR PERMANENT ACCESS TO PRODUCTION. Your PRODUCTION User ID and Password has been set up on UBSWenergy.	Your PRODUCTION User ID and Password has been set up on UBSWenergy.	Please follow the steps below to access the new environment:
Please detach the attachment, combine it with the articles Gavin Dillingham			Please detach the attachment, combine it with the articles Gavin Dillingham sent me and attach to an e-mail to Robert Zoellick and Irwin Stelzer with this message from me: Attached is some background information on the reregulation crisis in California.
Please take a moment to look at the current	Dear Vince,. It is my great pleasure to confirm your participation at Energy Power Ris k Management 2001 on May 14th.	It is my great pleasure to confirm your participation at Energy Power Ris k Management 2001 on May 14th.	Please take a moment to look at the current line-up on the attached draft program.
Please circle back with Rob and make sure that everyone is comfortable that nothing is falling through the cracks, and I will talk with Mary Kay.	Greg, I talked with Kilmer about the negotiated rate proceeding, and he is fine with it being handled out of Omaha.. He would like assurances that he and Teb are in the loop during the review process.. This is not the deal that I had with Mary Kay, so I will need to confirm that she is willing to shepard this this through.	This is not the deal that I had with Mary Kay, so I will need to confirm that she is willing to shepard this this through.	Please circle back with Rob and make sure that everyone is comfortable that nothing is falling through the cracks, and I will talk with Mary Kay.
Please forward comments to Jerry Fox.			Please forward comments to Jerry Fox.
Could you please forward this to the	Could I please have an ETA on any comments to this agreement?. I will be out of town the first three days of next week and would like to have this done by Dec. 15.. Thanks.. Molly Sample General Counsel EOTT Energy Corp PHONE fax PHONE . Attached is a draft of the Corporate Services Agreement to cover the property tax function EOTT is moving to Enron.	Attached is a draft of the Corporate Services Agreement to cover the property tax function EOTT is moving to Enron.	Could you please forward this to the appropriate Human Resources and Legal people?
can you pls check on this deal	deal number 458405 and 458406 still do not match total mw quantity.. pls let me know which one is correct, and if they should both be the same.. Mike Driscoll went in and changed this deal to match 458405.. It should be correct now.. Thanks, Kate. 458406. i don t think this deal is entered correctly, the hours are not matching the other deals.	i don t think this deal is entered correctly, the hours are not matching the other deals.	can you pls check on this deal
Please submit your written application to Joe Thompson at the	There are five CNG postings listed below.. Posting 1 APPALACHIAN PRODUCER NOTICE. POSTED May 23, 2000. Dear West Virginia Producer,. Over the last several years, Dominion Transmission has worked hard providing additional value to producers on its gathering system and through innovative projects and joint ventures.. In continuing with that process to bring you more value for your local production and to improve the efficiency of our gathering system, we would like to continue a process where compression into our gathering system may be approved.. We have been able to grant a limited number of these requests in the past, and would now like to make this opportunity somewhat more widely available to the producers.. For this second offering, the process we will use is as follows: For a period of 30 days, beginning 12:00 Noon on May 24, 2000, the Gathering and Production Division of Dominion Transmission will accept applications for compression rights into its gathering system for gas feeding its SCHUTTE compressor station.. The Dominion bubbles affected are PHONE .. Dominion recognizes that, although limited, there does exist the incremental capacity for throughput through these compressor stations.. The incremental capacity authorized through new compression agreements will not exceed the limit Dominion determines to be the capacity of the existing compressors.. Dominion will attempt to be flexible in approving the applications it receives, but will limit approved applications so as to not unreasonably interfere with the production from the existing non-compressed gas entering the system.	Dominion will attempt to be flexible in approving the applications it receives, but will limit approved applications so as to not unreasonably interfere with the production from the existing non-compressed gas entering the system.	Please submit your written application to Joe Thompson at the Dominion Gathering Production Office.
Could you send Rev 10 to Mike S?	Hi again,	Hi again,	Could you send Rev 10 to Mike S?
Please get with me on a time whereby I can inform the others.	Hello Vince , We will be doing a session of Avistar Training on Thursday , Dec. 7th.. The scheduled time is 2:45 p.m. at your location on 32nd floor.. Kevin,. I would like to take the class as well.. Vince. Actually , Mike Roberts , Jose Marquez and myself will need the basics.. This will be greatly appreciated.	This will be greatly appreciated.	Please get with me on a time whereby I can inform the others.
That is Richard Sanders call - Richard, please	Lisa - The attached schedule calculates interest on overdue interest at the 9.9 rate.. This is fine except that I do not know if we are able to charge interest on overdue interest.	This is fine except that I do not know if we are able to charge interest on overdue interest.	That is Richard Sanders call - Richard, please let us know.
David, on a go forwards basis, please ensure that there is a technical sign			David, on a go forwards basis, please ensure that there is a technical sign off on the principal investments DASH.
Please review and let me know your	Mark:. Attached is the electronic version of the CA prepared by Aquila Energy before Christmas.. I forwarded a hard copy to you on 12/22 as Aquila was having problems with their email system.	I forwarded a hard copy to you on 12/22 as Aquila was having problems with their email system.	Please review and let me know your comments.
Please mail it at your earliest convenience.	Rebecca and Kelly: I ve attached the letter from Ken to the Board notifying them that we were named Most Innovative Company in America for the sixth consecutive year.. Ken has approved the letter and it contains his electronic signature.. I ve formated the letter and left room for names and addresses.. You can adjust as needed.	You can adjust as needed.	Please mail it at your earliest convenience.
PLease include me in the Houston MBA Program Information Session.			PLease include me in the Houston MBA Program Information Session.
Rita, Please help me with this.			Rita, Please help me with this.
Please forward this to anyone I have forgotten.			Please forward this to anyone I have forgotten.
Please check this list to assure that this is a complete and	Dan,. Per the request of Gerald, attached below is a list of the agreements we have compiled.	Per the request of Gerald, attached below is a list of the agreements we have compiled.	Please check this list to assure that this is a complete and correct list.
Can you give me some suggestions?	Thanks for the referral.. We definitely want to get our story out to these guys.. Just for future reference, Meredith Phillipp is handling New Media for us.. Thanks. Hi guys.. My friend, Polly Traylor, is an editor at the Industry Standard in San Francisco.. One of her colleagues -- Michelle Rafter -- sent me the email below requesting an interview for an Enron story she is working on.. I have not spoken with this writer and am forwarding it to you for follow up.. Hope all is well.. Call me if you have any questions.. Hi Janel:. My name is Michelle Rafter and I m a writer for the Industry Standard.. I work with Polly Traylor who suggested that I contact you for help.. I d like to talk to someone at Enron for a story I m doing for the Standard on Internet CEOs, including CEOs or presidents who ve led traditional companies into successful Internet ventures.. I first need to identify who at Enron that person would be, i.e., who s most responsible for the success of the company s Internet ventures: Jeffrey Skilling he got the most ink in BusinessWeek s story in this issue , Kenneth Lay, or the head of EnronOnline.. Then I need to talk to someone who could help coordinate a phone interview with me I m in Los Angeles so this would be a phone interview .	Then I need to talk to someone who could help coordinate a phone interview with me I m in Los Angeles so this would be a phone interview .	Can you give me some suggestions?
Please make all flight arrangements through the	Cal Berkeley General Presentation Monday, October 16th. This note is to confirm that you are scheduled to attend the Cal Berkeley General Presentation on Monday October 16th.. This e-mail should contain any information that you need to know pertaining to your trip.. Please print out a hard copy and bring with you in case of emergency.. If you have any questions, there is a list of contacts listed below.. Once again, thank you for offering to help with technology recruiting at Cal Berkeley.. See you on campus!. Lara. The General Presentation will be held:. Monday, October 16th The Faculty Club Seaborg Room - 2nd Floor 7:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m.. Please plan on arriving at the General Presentation by 6:00 p.m.. The General Presentation is designed to educate the students on Enron and the Global Technology Track.. Following the presentation we will invite the students to ask questions about Enron and the Global Technology Track.. Please plan to arrive at the General Presentation by 6:00 p.m.. It is business casual attire.. FLIGHT ARRANGEMENTS:. You are responsible for scheduling your own flight arrangements with your preferred airline provider.. Please schedule your flight to arrive to the San Francisco airport on Monday, October 16th.. Please remember that there can be significant traffic over the Bay Bridge and to get into town at least an hour prior to the event.	Please remember that there can be significant traffic over the Bay Bridge and to get into town at least an hour prior to the event.	Please make all flight arrangements through the Travel Agency in the Park so that we are able to take advantage of discount fares.
Please re-issue today.	Good question - I will ring you after I have spoken to her.. I agree with your statements on phase II.. I ll start working on the priorities and requirements.. Also, what is the status of Colleen?. Geof. Comments:. Zhiyong Wei to be added to signature lists.. Timeline to include production dates - ie include UAT and production roll-out dates.. Dependencies - where there are dependencies on other groups any interaction required with any group outside of Zheiyong s , these need to be highlighted and a representative from that group needs to sign off on that portion of the timeline a representative can not be below Director level in the organiztion .. There are clearly many people rolling off early in this project who can be utilized for Phase II - I would suggest the specfication for Phase II is completed in the very near future as the majority of the work in this is done in the very short term by the developers and it moves to the test team.	There are clearly many people rolling off early in this project who can be utilized for Phase II - I would suggest the specfication for Phase II is completed in the very near future as the majority of the work in this is done in the very short term by the developers and it moves to the test team.	Please re-issue today.
Please provide me with signed copies of the GE Consents to Assignment			Please provide me with signed copies of the GE Consents to Assignment and the Override Letters.
please list below:	October 5-6, 2000 The Woodlands Resort Conference Center The Woodlands, Texas RSVP Form. Name:Mark Taylor 20. Administrative Assistant 01,s Name:Taffy Milligan 20. RC 1157 20. X I will attend the Conference I will NOT attend the Conference 20. Attorneys from the Houston office attending the Conference:. X I will stay at the Conference Center Thursday night October 5th I will NOT stay at the Conference Center Thursday night October 5t h. Attorneys visiting Houston to attend the Conference:. Date of Arrival: Date of Departure: 20 20 I will need transportation to and from airport 20 I will make my own arrangements for transportation.. RECREATIONAL ACTIVITIES:. GOLF My handicap is: Bringing my own clubs Yes No TENNIS My level 20 is: BIKING X HEALTH SPA SWIMMING ATHLETIC CLUB. SPECIAL REQUESTS:	SPECIAL REQUESTS:	If you have any special needs i.e., food/beverage; transportation; lodging 20 please list below: 20
Please approve the following change to the product description.			Please approve the following change to the product description.
Please give me a call to arrange the	Per my voice mail, here is the latest draft of the purchase order we are preparing a redlined version which I will send you shortly .. We have not had the opportunity to incorporate all the business terms which were discussed and agreed to yesterday.. Also, we have not yet completed a full internal review of the document.. However, so that we can hold our conference call today, I am sending you the draft.	However, so that we can hold our conference call today, I am sending you the draft.	Please give me a call to arrange the conference call.
give it a try and let me know.	o: dropbox colin	o: dropbox colin	give it a try and let me know.
To reserve a seat, please call Stephanie E. Taylor at	eSource presents Lexis-Nexis training. ADVANCED. This session will cover advanced searching tips.. It will also cover using Smart Indexing to narrow your search results.. Find out how to customize your desktop for easier searching.. Attend our Lexis-Nexis Advanced Clinic: May.. PUBLIC RECORDS. Lexis-Nexis is the premier provider of public record information.. We will learn about materials available to you including Secretary of State Filings and DBA s, UCC filings, Bankruptcies, and Property Records.. If you are doing due diligence on companies, especially smaller ones, this is a session you will want to attend.. Attend our Lexis-Nexis Public Records Clinic:. May.. Seats fill up fast!	Seats fill up fast!	To reserve a seat, please call Stephanie E. Taylor at 5-7928 Cost 25.00 Per Person No Shows will be charged 50.00 Please bring your Lexis-Nexis login ID and password.
Please print the attachment.			Please print the attachment.
Please remove her from all	Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.	Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.	Please remove her from all 20 your mail lists.
Please ask Paul Simon to expedite the	Martin,. IT IS ABSOLUTELY URGENT.. PLEASE GIVE THIS YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. We need the confirmations tomorrow in Houston.. Koch is ready to close the deal, but they have a few issues with legal and they need to see the confirms to get comfortable with the docs.. Needless to say, this deal is very important for both us and them.. This will be the first deal where two corporates will be doing a bankruptcy swap instead of default swap on cash settlement instead of physical delivery.. The only thing that is stopping us from doing this deal is the documents.	The only thing that is stopping us from doing this deal is the documents.	Please ask Paul Simon to expedite the matter and get us the documents tomorrow so we can shoot them to Koch for their review.
Please distribute to rest of Sac team.			Please distribute to rest of Sac team.
Tom can you copy this e-mail and forward to Toorey Moorer.			Tom can you copy this e-mail and forward to Toorey Moorer.
Please remove me from your distribution list.			Please remove me from your distribution list.
please do a consulting agreeement with this group.			please do a consulting agreeement with this group.
then please send it back as final and we ll get it signed.	Tana -. Here is the Dow information.. If you cannot access the document as attached to this e-mail, see if you can find the e-mail from Mr. Guarino as you appear to be copied on it.. Mark Senior Counsel, EWS Phone: PHONE Facsimile: PHONE E-Mail: Mark.Greenberg enron.com. John, I have sent you back our suggested changes to the NDA.	John, I have sent you back our suggested changes to the NDA.	If you agree, then please send it back as final and we ll get it signed.
Stop by and let s	Susan, let s do this.. Why don t you print a set of the various certificates and let me do a quick review.. Then we can have them moved to the form bank.. Also, I would like you to work on a form bank index.	Also, I would like you to work on a form bank index.	Stop by and let s discuss how the index should look.
made to it in order to customize for the Japanese launch, could you please	Mark,. Considering that we are using US law, can I assume that the Japanese clients will use US PA s and ETA s?. If not, could you please send us the appropriate contracts?. Thanks in advance,. Mario Parra Cardoso EnronOnline. Mark. How are things going?. I just wanted to make 2 requests:. Could I have your notes re: legal FAQ ASAP I have a copy of the PA from the EOL site.	Could I have your notes re: legal FAQ ASAP I have a copy of the PA from the EOL site.	If there were any revisions made to it in order to customize for the Japanese launch, could you please send me an electronic copy
Please check deal no. 500771 under Pinnacle West.			Thank you.
Get with George Z. and get this on the calendar.			Get with George Z. and get this on the calendar.
please reference previous section .	Welcome to LoneStarMusic.com s monthly newsletter The True Sound of Texas. Issue 4 -- March 2001 http://www.lonestarmusic.com/. Happy Texas Independence Day. In this issue:. 1.. Introduction 2.. Mission Statement 3.. Vote Now in our 1st Annual Texas Music Awards 4.. New Releases 5.. On The Horizon Coming Soon 6.. Artist of the Month - The Groobees 7.. Interview With A Craftsman - Guy Clark 8.. Top 5 MP3 Downloads 9.. Top 10 Sellers 10.. Quote of the Month 11.. Tell a friend about LoneStarMusic.com 12.. Support LoneStarMusic.com. 1.. Introduction. So, who the heck is LoneStarMusic.com?. Well, as it says on our home page, we re the True Sound of Texas.. Of course, one man s true might be another man s trouble.. So, what do we think true some Texan sounds are?. Hmmm .. .. .. acoustic guitars.. Steel guitars.. Townes Van Zandt s blues.. Kelly Willis voice.. The Brothers Robison and the Sisters Damnation.. Electric lounges, armadillos, and Do-Wacka-Do.. Texas tornados.. Broken spokes.. Pat Green, Gruene Hall, and Lubbock on everything .. Lucky Dogs, Lost Gonzos, and lots and lots of Gourds.. Whatever Willie Nelson says it is.. 2.. Mission Statement. LoneStarMusic.com wants to provide an outlet for independent, roots-aware Texas musicians.	LoneStarMusic.com wants to provide an outlet for independent, roots-aware Texas musicians.	As for what those roots are, please reference previous section .
within the Annex B.  Once you recieve this language from legal, please send			-bcc: X-Folder: Tanya Jones Dec2000 Notes Folders All documents X-Origin: JONES-T X-FileName: tjones.nsf
please verify with West or East desk economics to ensure accuracy/consistency.	For prior periods - I am not sure if you need to handle this using the instructions below - or if for prior months ONLY - if you would be allowed to create a cashout ticket to clear out any prior period imbalances.. Your controller and volume management Kathy Kelly should make this call.	Your controller and volume management Kathy Kelly should make this call.	Kim and David can brain check me on this - but I think this is how parking should be done; however, please verify with West or East desk economics to ensure accuracy/consistency.
When the time comes, please check your roster carefully and make sure that	Here is your latest roster.. We are up-to-date on all changes but, of course, the students may still drop/add up to the second week of module 5.	We are up-to-date on all changes but, of course, the students may still drop/add up to the second week of module 5.	When the time comes, please check your roster carefully and make sure that the people on the list really are attending your course.
Please review and let me know as soon as possible if you have changes as I need to send this to the conference people today.	Jeff --	Jeff --	Please review and let me know as soon as possible if you have changes as I need to send this to the conference people today.
Please put this on my calendar if you haven t already.			Please put this on my calendar if you haven t already.
these months so please provide me the correct transportation contract and	Daren - Can you set up new deals for meter 6757 and 5192?. Meter 6757 Crow O Connor - Counterparty Duke Energy Trading Month Contract Deal June 99 ENA PHONE 6 July 99 HPL PHONE 2 Aug 99 HPL PHONE 75 Sept 99 HPL PHONE 02. Meter 5192 Sarco Lateral. No deal has ever been set up for meter 5192 for Duke Energy Trading.. There is flow for May, July and Nov. 99.. Will you please let me know if you set up new deals for these meters?. Thanks.. Aimee. Forwarded by Aimee Lannou/HOU/ECT on 05/04/2000 03:17 PM. Aimee:. The Crow O Connor, meter 6757 has its gas allocated to Strangers Gas for April and May 1999 and Duke has been calling Settlements asking for their money.	The Crow O Connor, meter 6757 has its gas allocated to Strangers Gas for April and May 1999 and Duke has been calling Settlements asking for their money.	I will need to set up accounting arrangements for this meter for these months so please provide me the correct transportation contract and valid deal for this transaction.
When requesting a duplicate form, please specify the year for which you need a copy, sign your request, and include the following information:	The 2000 Form W-2 will be mailed to your address of record by January 31, 2001.. If you have not received your form by February 20th, you may request, in writing, for a duplicate copy to be sent to you.. Please note that a written request, including authorized signature is required.	Please note that a written request, including authorized signature is required.	When requesting a duplicate form, please specify the year for which you need a copy, sign your request, and include the following information:
Call me tommorow durring the day at	I am sorry.. I have been sooooo busy this week with work and tonight I am going to the lakers game with my friend from work, however, I would love to hang out with ya this weekend sometime.	I have been sooooo busy this week with work and tonight I am going to the lakers game with my friend from work, however, I would love to hang out with ya this weekend sometime.	Call me tommorow durring the day at home or on my cell!
Please make copies for me and put in a folder.			Please make copies for me and put in a folder.
Aha, could you provide a column including the approver.			Aha, could you provide a column including the approver.
Please Kill Deal QU0208.			Please Kill Deal QU0208.
After addressing items 1 and 2 above, could you review this entire document	Carol,. I have incorporated your changes into the attached confirm for Worthington.. In addition, I have adjusted the language in the floating price determination section to more clearly describe what will occur.. After reading Annex A and discussing the entire document with the traders I have the following two questions:. 1.. The traders I spoke with wondered if section 7 Market Disruption, in Annex A needed to be modified since in steel we do not determine our price every day.. Instead in steel we calculate the price once a month and only on the day when Purchasing Magazine is published.. Therefore the term trading day, is a little ambiguous.. 2.. Should we adjust paragraph two of section 2, Payments in Annex A.. That paragraph currently stipulates how certain numbers should be rounded in floating price calculations.. Since we use tons and net tons instead of Mmbtus, gallons, barrels, and megawatt hours, we may need to define how accurate we want everyone to be.	Since we use tons and net tons instead of Mmbtus, gallons, barrels, and megawatt hours, we may need to define how accurate we want everyone to be.	After addressing items 1 and 2 above, could you review this entire document from two perspectives:
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Kevin Higgins 16604 Pocono Drive Austin, TX 78717 kgh1021 yahoo.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
-  Read each point, ask the group to police itself	SK - I printed this out for you put in your mail folder.. mm. Stan and Steve,. Thanks again for serving as Chairs for the upcoming PRC meetings.. I ve talked with Terry and Ted, and we suggest that you use the following points to open each of the meetings.. If you have questions please feel free to contact any of us.. I ve also attached an updated set of Ground Rules to replace in your binder.. Thanks, Billy. Analyst Associate Mid Year 2000 PRC Meeting Chairperson Introductory Comments. ?. Good Morning and Welcome ?. Quick Introductions Around the Room ?. Schedule for the Day - 3 Groups First Year Analysts, All Other Analysts, Associates - Housekeeping breaks, restroom locations, food, etc.. - Scheduled to go from 8 am until finished - reach consensus on each of 3 groups ?. Roles of the Participants - Chairperson Make Introductions, Enforce Ground Rules and Distribution - Facilitator Terry Bosien - Manage and Facilitate the Meeting - PRC Reps Provide representation of accomplishments and areas for improvement - Analyst Associate Committee Members Program awareness, cross-calibration - Analyst Associate Program Management Program awareness, cross-calibration ?. Importance of the Process - PRC is at the heart of the meritocracy - Rewards and feedback impact our most important source of new talent - What s at stake - depends on anniversary date, decisions on tenure / promo based on first review after anniversary date, bonuses based on year-end ?. Distribution of Ratings ?	Distribution of Ratings ?	The Ground Rules - Revision attached, please replace in your binder - Read each point, ask the group to police itself ?
Please try to let me know ASAP whether you can play so I ca	Here is the info on the tourney.. We are one person short and could really 20 use your help.	We are one person short and could really 20 use your help.	Please try to let me know ASAP whether you can play so I ca n 20 explore other alternatives.
can you please run me over when you leave for today?	i don t know if i am.. we me, derek, amy and laura are having to describe what we do in great detail and have it to errol by the end of the day.	we me, derek, amy and laura are having to describe what we do in great detail and have it to errol by the end of the day.	can you please run me over when you leave for today?
Please reply to this email with your answers to the questions below no later	In an effort to continually improve the overall quality of the Analyst/Associate Programs, the Program Management would appreciate your feedback on the current state of the programs.. In order to insure confidentiality, Executive Leadership Associates has been engaged to receive your feedback and summarize it for the Program Management.	In order to insure confidentiality, Executive Leadership Associates has been engaged to receive your feedback and summarize it for the Program Management.	Please reply to this email with your answers to the questions below no later than Friday, July 20, 2001 to insure your views are included in the summary of survey data.
Please include the following information in the email,Without this information we cannot help you:	TO BE REMOVED click here: http://www.websurfking.net/homewealth/remove.html. Do you have back, muscle or joint problems?. If so we would like to offer you the opportunity to discuss them with a health care professional at no charge.. What do you have to lose besides your pain and discomfort?. Please hit reply with the word HELP in the subject.. HELP must be in the subject.	HELP must be in the subject.	Please include the following information in the email,Without this information we cannot help you:
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	L. Burgess 221 NW 2nd Street Corvallis, OR 97330 sabaabc yahoo.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
please contact us immediately on:	David,. I think maybe clarifying then go to the transaction search with something like then click on the Transaction History tab at the top of the screen might be helpful.. Message as discussed.. Jay,. Here is the current communication error message:. Can you please replace the above paragraph as follows:. YOUR TRANSACTION MAY OR MAY NOT HAVE BEEN SUCCESSFUL due to a communication failure.. To confirm whether or not your transaction was successful, please try to login again and use the Transaction History function to see a list of all your completed transactions.	To confirm whether or not your transaction was successful, please try to login again and use the Transaction History function to see a list of all your completed transactions.	If you have any questions or are not certain of the status of a transaction, please contact us immediately on:
time does this concert thing start, and can you get me all other directions,	get me a spot on the shuttle.. But I ll probably use a car service.	But I ll probably use a car service.	What time does this concert thing start, and can you get me all other directions, and info.
Please add my name to this email if you continue to send this file out.			Please add my name to this email if you continue to send this file out.
Susan:  Please start the process for a  new ISDA Master to be effective	Tax has confirmed that the MG deals should be confirmed in the name of RMT and NOT ENA .. I will have an RMT/MG Ltd. ISDA master put in place.. Joe: 1 Please confirm the exact name of the MG entity.. 2 Please confirm that the first trade date was 6/16/00 .	2 Please confirm that the first trade date was 6/16/00 .	Susan: Please start the process for a new ISDA Master to be effective 6/16/00 .
Please use your	Dear phillip,. This e-mail is automated notification of the availability of your current Natural Gas Intelligence Newsletter s .	This e-mail is automated notification of the availability of your current Natural Gas Intelligence Newsletter s .	Please use your username of pallen and your password to access
1.  Could you please  submit  by the end of the day tomorrow, Wednesday,			I assume that this request relates to corporate functions under Rick.
Please send the info to Kay Mann, 29 Inverness Park Way, Houston, TX, 77055.	Hello.. I would like to receive a brochure and room rates for 2001.. I visited your website and it looks wonderful.	I visited your website and it looks wonderful.	Please send the info to Kay Mann, 29 Inverness Park Way, Houston, TX, 77055.
Please give me a call with any questions.	Please grant me access to the rac website.. I am the manager for the central region - natural gas.. I need access to activate and inactivate and view all central books.	I need access to activate and inactivate and view all central books.	Please give me a call with any questions.
Please use the next week to clean up our database of delivery locations and regions currently still in Enpower.			Please use the next week to clean up our database of delivery locations and regions currently still in Enpower.
Plesase, give me a call.	Phil,. I shall be in town through the rest of the week.	I shall be in town through the rest of the week.	Plesase, give me a call.
Please respond to  This is a send-only email.	Jeff,. THIS is the new Harvey Hogan paper now a Chandley Harvey Hogan paper .. It was attached to SDG E s comments.. Tim H., Steve:. This is another view of the market from another set of heavy hitters.. All:. Launch it rather than view it.. Alan. Forwarded by Alan Comnes/PDX/ECT on 11/29/2000 04:37 PM	Forwarded by Alan Comnes/PDX/ECT on 11/29/2000 04:37 PM	FaxWave Service faxwave service callwave.com on 11/29/2000 02:28:57 PM Please respond to This is a send-only email.
Please develop these agreements and I will call you later today or tomorrow	Gerald, 01; Per our recent discussions, I am sending you this e-mail to cover the conte nt 20 that we would like to put into a revised letter agreeement 01;with ENAP.. 01 ; As for 20 the CA I would use the following information: Mr. Salvador Harambour Giner. E P General Manager. Empresa Nacional Del Petroleo. Casilla 123, Correo 35 Las Condes. CP PHONE 20. Santiago, CHILE. We need the CA to cover a contemplated structured transaction between Enro n 20 Compression Services and Enron South America Gas Marketing regarding 01;a 20 potential transaction concerning 01;all of their oil gas fields 01;in the 20 Magallenes Region 01;in Southern Chile including any hydrocarbon volumes an d 20 existing sales contracts.. 01; As for the Engagement Letter, I would use a similar format to the previous 20 letter and make sure that it has the following steps outlined:. The effective date of the engagement will start upon signature.. ENAP will use best efforts to submit to Enron all of the information that 20 it requires to develop a proposal within 30 days.. 01; Enron will submit a 20 revised request for data upon execution of this letter agreement.. Enron will use best efforts to submit an initial proposal within 30 days 20 thereafter and develop definitive agreements with ENAP within 90 days from 20 the date that Enron had received the data from ENAP.. This should target us to close on a transaction on or around September 1, 20 2001.	This should target us to close on a transaction on or around September 1, 20 2001.	01; Please develop these agreements and I will call you later today or tomorrow 20 morning so that we can finalize and get drafts to ENAP to review.
Can you add a flag to xcol function so that we can choose a put or call from	I re-compiled Exotica.xll, so that the xcol function is a put on collar.. De-add in your Exotica.. Add this special one.. And use xcol for put.. Then delete the Exotica xcol putoncollar.xll. We will build in this functionality in near future.. Zimin. Paulo,	Paulo,	Can you add a flag to xcol function so that we can choose a put or call from the spreadsheet ?
Please shed some light here as soon as possible.	I talked to Mike Smith and he agrees this is a commercial problem.. Really nothing for us to do directly other than minimize exit fees, etc.. We ll need to discuss further internally, but they may be correct in their assessment.. Best, Jeff. From further discussions with UC/CSU, it appears their primary concern relative to Enron s decision to De-DASR their accounts is that they have lost their direct access status, and are again a bundled utility customer.. Jeff - what impacts does this status have with respect to the ban language of AB-1X?. And with SB-27X, will they now encumber costs to become a direct access customer that they would not have been liable for had Enron not made the decision to return them to utility supply?. Your input is appreciated.	Your input is appreciated.	Please shed some light here as soon as possible.
Pls forward it to Kathy Ringblom in my group in Omaha.			Pls forward it to Kathy Ringblom in my group in Omaha.
participation, so please take approximately 15 minutes and  complete the	NGA Corporate Fellows News from the National Governors Association s Corporate Fellows Program. Make Your Voice Heard; Respond To NGA Survey. June 8, 2001. Hello, Corporate Fellows!. June 1 has come and gone and we have only received three responses to the survey.. Many thanks to Pete Poynter of BellSouth, Molly Phillips of Feld Entertainment and John Riggen of Agilent Technologies for completing theirs on time.. In order for us to respond to your interests and to effect change in the program, we need to hear from all of you.. Again, I ask that you review the survey, and a letter and memo from Ray that describes upcoming events and program improvements.. Return the survey to my attention no later than June 27.	Return the survey to my attention no later than June 27.	Our goal is to get 100 percent participation, so please take approximately 15 minutes and complete the survey.
Please take a moment to review the attached memo introducing Mike Terraso s			Please take a moment to review the attached memo introducing Mike Terraso s Environment, Health Safety Organization and Environmental Strategies Team.
Thanks , could you call Richard to talk though approach and strategy and then			Thanks , could you call Richard to talk though approach and strategy and then ensure that he is also kept fully in the loop as you go forward .
Please forward me the attending names for your group with a copy to Bob by	Heather: Jackie Adams will represent the West desk.. Thanks.. Forwarded by Randall L Gay/HOU/ECT on 02/03/2000 05:01 PM. A lunch meeting has been scheduled to discuss Alternate Work Schedules.... On Wednesday, February 9, 2000 in EB3013 from 11:30am to 1:00pm lunch provided	On Wednesday, February 9, 2000 in EB3013 from 11:30am to 1:00pm lunch provided	Please forward me the attending names for your group with a copy to Bob by tomorrow 2/4 .
Please respond to Anjam Ahmad/LON/ECT	Hi Sven,. Thanks a lot for your note - I think it would be great to see what we can do to help you Joe s business units.. Plenty of our knowledge is no longer proprietary in that quite a lot of this information is now in the public domain - we can sit down and discuss this on Thursday afternoon if that works for you.. Regards,. Anjam x35383. Anjam, congratulations on your initiative.. I appreciate that you share this information throughout Enron.. As you may know, my group is working with Joe s business units to create so-called market hubs.. I see great potential in sharing some of the information that you have acucmulated and that is not proprietary to Enron.. I would appreciate if we could sit down tomorrow and talk about the possibility to leverage on the existing know-how.. Regards Sven	Regards Sven	Please respond to Anjam Ahmad/LON/ECT To: ECT Europe cc: Subject: Research Group Intranet Site
Please direct all inquiries to OnePass coair.com	Global Fare Sale Save up to 15 on travel from the U.S. to select destinations in Mexico, South America, Central America, Japan, Hong Kong and the Caribbean.. Save up to 10 on travel within the U.S. and from the U.S. to Canada and Europe.. Visit www.continental.com to purchase your tickets today.. View OnePass Member Offers Online Not sure what to do with all your OnePass miles?. Find out on continental.com.. Learn where you can fly to using the interactive reward charts, or take advantage of the great deals OnePass partners are offering members.. All the information you need is at your fingertips at www.continental.com/onepass.. Earn and Redeem OnePass Miles With New Partner Midway Airlines Effective May 1, 2001, earn OnePass miles on Midway flights systemwide.. Plus, earn double miles every time you fly Midway through June 30, 2001.. OnePass miles and segments flown on Midway count toward OnePass Elite qualification.. Visit www.continental.com/onepass for all the details.. Unfortunately mail sent to this address cannot be answered.	Unfortunately mail sent to this address cannot be answered.	Please direct all inquiries to OnePass coair.com
If so, can you please perform this for me so	I have extended deal 151669 to cover mtr 9676 for Feb and Mar.. D. Robert,. I ve taken care of 98-6719 as far as getting it out of my allocation exception screen .. I m going to place 98-9676 on Strangers Gas until you hear back from Daren or Julie.. Should Daren or Julie get back w/you, while I m on vacation, please get back w/Anita Luong and provide her with the K given to you by Daren or Julie as well as the dates of 2/1 - 2/29 even though 3/1/2000 is reflected in my allocation exception screen so that she can provide you with an accounting arrangement to place February s volumes on this meter.. It looks as though this meter is flowing starting 3/1/2000.. I guess that the trader will eventually place a deal in sitara for this meter.. Thanks -Jackie- 3-9497. Forwarded by Jackie Young/HOU/ECT on 03/11/2000 12:00 PM. I extended the deal at mtr 6719 to include 2/10.. In the future, please run all wellhead deals through Tom Acton first.. I ve got a message into Julie Meyers to look into the contract at meter 9676, and will let you know what she determines.. D. Hi Daren,. Can you please check into whether or not the below deals for the above meters can be rolled and extended?	Can you please check into whether or not the below deals for the above meters can be rolled and extended?	If so, can you please perform this for me so that Anita can set up an accounting arrangement for me?
Jackie, could you email the latest version around when you get a chance?	Thanks for hosting, Kim.. Jackie mentioned the list of tasks that remain to get this done e.g., graphs, make spreadsheet pretty, write-up, etc.. .. I lll do whatever needs to be done, so once folks have picked which task they d like to take on, just let me know what s left.. Or if there s another way folks would like to divvy up the chores, that s great, too.. Have a great weekend.. See you Monday.	See you Monday.	Jackie, could you email the latest version around when you get a chance?
Please enroll by leaving a voice mail message at  713  853-7181.	Just a quick reminder, if you have not registered for Enron at a Glance, it is still not too late!. Welcome to Enron!. You have joined an exciting company at a critical time in the growth of the energy industry worldwide.. As a part of the Enron team, you will be at the forefront of that change.. Ours is a dynamic company and it is important for you to understand both the breadth and the depth of the company you have just joined.. We believe that open communication is critical to the company s ongoing success, as well as to yours.. As an ongoing part of the New Hire Network, we invite you to attend the corporate sponsored full day : Enron at a Glance This program builds upon the orientation you may have received your first day on the job.. Reserve the date!. Location: Hyatt Regency - Downtown Imperial Ballroom 1200 Louisiana Street lunch provided PHONE . You will learn about our various businesses, their products, services, markets and strategies and how they fit together to make Enron unique in the energy industry.. You will learn about our regulated and unregulated businesses, our domestic and international markets, our competitive position and our organization structure.. Members of the senior management team of the corporation will be there to review these areas with you personally.. We will also talk about our culture and values, what sets us apart from other companies in this area, what we expect of employees and what we offer in return.	We will also talk about our culture and values, what sets us apart from other companies in this area, what we expect of employees and what we offer in return.	Please enroll by leaving a voice mail message at PHONE .
receive them, please print two of the attached.	Phil, I have reviewed the confirmation letter and have made several small changes.	Phil, I have reviewed the confirmation letter and have made several small changes.	I believe that I sent you hard copies, however, if you don t receive them, please print two of the attached.
Please take a few minutes today to provi	NOTE FROM THE EDITORS The AmeriFlash Newsletter would like to keep you informed on global wholesa le 20 news as well, so we have added business highlights from Enron s original 20 electronic newsletter, GlobalFlash, which was created by Enron Europe.. What s on your Mind?. If you have ideas or suggestions please forward them to Michelle Vitrella o r 20 Kathie Grabstald.. 20. FINAL DAY FOR THE PULSE. Today is the final day to provide feedback through the annual employee surv ey 20 -- The Pulse.. As of Thursday morning, 56.5 of the ENA/EGM/EIM employees 20 have taken part in the survey, which is an improvement from last year s 20 participation rate of 49 .. However, we are behind the company average and 20 most of the other business units.	However, we are behind the company average and 20 most of the other business units.	Please take a few minutes today to provi de 20 much needed and confidential comments regarding Enron and your work 20 environment.
Terry, would you please check with all the teams to day to ensure they			Terry, would you please check with all the teams to day to ensure they have talked with their customers about the scheduled quantities reports.
Please cooperate with the team if they need your assistance.	David Grant has assembled a team to work on gathering documents in response to the numerous subpoenas the company is receiving from Congress, the SEC and the Department of Justice.	David Grant has assembled a team to work on gathering documents in response to the numerous subpoenas the company is receiving from Congress, the SEC and the Department of Justice.	Please cooperate with the team if they need your assistance.
Please price these 2 new units and charge them to Co.   0413, RC   107043.	Pat:. Recently, I talked with you about ordering another filing unit.. It turns out that we need 2 more filing units.. Please order them the same size as the floor to ceiling cabinet we have.. Have the inside of the cabinets configured as follows:. 1 Cabinet should have 5 shelves 1 Cabinet should have 6 shelves. When Interstore was here today reconfiguing 2 of our existing cabinets, they removed 8 shelves that they are going to use on these new units.	When Interstore was here today reconfiguing 2 of our existing cabinets, they removed 8 shelves that they are going to use on these new units.	Please price these 2 new units and charge them to Co. 0413, RC 107043.
Please have this	I ignored this.. Should I have?. Jeff Shankman has reviewed his legal allocations for February and would like more detail on exactly what each attorney listed below is working on for his teams.. If you are not listed below, an attorney who reports to you is and I will need the projects/services they are working on for Jeff.. I have attached the February allocations for your reference.	I have attached the February allocations for your reference.	Please have this information to me no later than 9:00 a.m. tomorrow.
Please contact the ISC Call Center at  713  345-4727.	Please do not reply to this e-mail.. You are receiving this message because an invoice s requiring coding, issue resolution, or approval has been submitted to your iPayit inbox.. This requires your action through iPayit.. To launch iPayit, click on the link below: http://iPayit.enron.com. Note: Log into iPayit using the same Employee PID P-Number and Password you use to enter the eHRonline system and/or SAP.. First time iPayit user?. For training materials, click on the link below: http://sap.enron.com/sap doclib/user/file list.asp?cabinet id 265. Need help?	Need help?	Please contact the ISC Call Center at PHONE .
Please print this memo and attachment for me--I couldn t get it to print.			Please print this memo and attachment for me--I couldn t get it to print.
fill out the form below and return it to us, or provide the	Do you owe money?. Is it getting troublesome keeping track of all those bills and whom you owe how much and when?. Would it not be easier if you could just make 1 monthly payment instead of several?. We can help!. If your debts are 4,000 US or more and you are a United States citizen, you can consolidate your debt into just one easy payment!. You do not have to own a home, nor do you need to take out a loan.. Credit checks are not required!	Credit checks are not required!	To receive more information regarding our services, please fill out the form below and return it to us, or provide the necessary information in your response.
Subject: Global Crossing s comments to the Enron NDA - Please responed ASAP!	Peter -. Below I have attached my comments to the Global Crossing document.. What I have done is accept all of GC s changes and then reflected the items we either need to have e.g., arbitration or that are in addition to the comments made by GC.. Please review the attached at your convenience and let me know if you should have any questions.. If the attached is acceptable, please feel free to forward it to GC for review and comment.. Mark Senior Counsel, ENA Phone: PHONE Facsimile: PHONE E-Mail: Mark.Greenberg enron.com	Mark Senior Counsel, ENA Phone: PHONE Facsimile: PHONE E-Mail: Mark.Greenberg enron.com	Peter Feltman/ENRON enronXgate 04/10/2001 02:31 PM To: Mark Greenberg/NA/Enron ENRON cc: Mathis Conner/ENRON enronXgate Subject: Global Crossing s comments to the Enron NDA - Please responed ASAP!
Again, please give us a call	Here are the answers to your latest questions.	Here are the answers to your latest questions.	Again, please give us a call if you have any more questions.
Please shout with 20	I am not officializing PHONE because we ran two basis calcs for the last 20 day and we officialized the other one and it has the same value - that post 20 id is PHONE .. Also, FT-Ontario s book admin is now Patrick Ryder, Market 20 Mich is Jad Doan and FT Intra Ontario is Chuck Ames.	Also, FT-Ontario s book admin is now Patrick Ryder, Market 20 Mich is Jad Doan and FT Intra Ontario is Chuck Ames.	Please shout with 20 anymore questions.
Please review and provide comments prior to loading onto the EOL system.	John: Thanks for your note.. Brent Hendry is now our primary weather derivatives lawyer and I am forwarding this to him.. Hi Mark-. Attached are the GTC s discussed in my preceding e-mail.. Best regards,. John. Alan/David-. Attached hereto, are the GTC s with Enron Japan Corp. as counterparty for EOL trading of Japanese weather derivative HDD swaps.. The US GTC s were utilized as the basis of the documentation.. The GTC s have been tailored to the Japanese market in conjunction with Baker McKenzie, Tokyo.	The GTC s have been tailored to the Japanese market in conjunction with Baker McKenzie, Tokyo.	Please review and provide comments prior to loading onto the EOL system.
Please could you let me know if you can prepare such a document and also what	Hi Mark and Tana. I have been given your name by Justin Boyd as someone who can help me or point me in the right direction.. We need to raise a power of attorney to enable Amita Gosalia of Enron House to execute EnronOnline Password Applications for each of the above company.	We need to raise a power of attorney to enable Amita Gosalia of Enron House to execute EnronOnline Password Applications for each of the above company.	Please could you let me know if you can prepare such a document and also what if any additional information you require.
I do not agree with your politics and please remove me from	I do not know who you are, but I definitely do not appreciate the email that you sent me.	I do not know who you are, but I definitely do not appreciate the email that you sent me.	I do not agree with your politics and please remove me from your list.
please add Astra Power LLC to the restricted list for the EP Blanco Avg			please add Astra Power LLC to the restricted list for the EP Blanco Avg products.
Can you attach the term	I have created deal 244531 to cover this flow.. Julie - This is actually volume related to the term deal 93804.. Volume flowed in March due to timing on changing the meter.	Volume flowed in March due to timing on changing the meter.	Can you attach the term contract to this deal?
Please review relevant pages  Rate/Tariff, Cost estimate, Construction and Drawdown schedule etc.  and direct your comments to me.			Hi all, Pro forma model for ANNGTC is in the shared folder now under the name Alaska Pipelinemodel 103001 Ro.
Please prepare execution copies and let me know if there is anything else to	Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas 770 PHONE phone PHONE fax sara.shackleton enron.com. Corinne:. We will accept your interest rate schedules.. Also, you can include the witness line for our signatory.	Also, you can include the witness line for our signatory.	Please prepare execution copies and let me know if there is anything else to be done.
Can you try and do the same?	Vince,. I will call Paul Racicot tomorrow.	I will call Paul Racicot tomorrow.	Can you try and do the same?
Please forward the following information to colleagues who you think	By now you ve received an invitation to attend Forrester s Executive Strategy Forum, November 8-10, 2000, at The Westin Copley Place in Boston, Mass.. This annual Forum showcases Forrester s eBusiness strategy research.. During the two-day event for senior executives, we ll unveil our cutting-edge research on how companies can transform themselves to win in the Internet economy.. Get all the details and register online:. http://www.forrester.com/ER/Events/Upcoming/Overview/0,1550,122,FF.html. Confirmed industry speakers include: G. Richard Wagoner Jr., President and Chief Executive Officer, General Motors Marc Andreessen, Chairman and Co-founder, Loudcloud Louise Kitchen, President and Chief Operating Officer, EnronOnline David Campbell, Ph.D., Smith Richardson Senior Fellow, Center for Creative Leadership Donald Paul, VP, Technology and Environmental Affairs, Chevron Daniel Leemon, Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer, The Charles Schwab Corporation Rohan Champion, Chairman and Co-founder, eTime Capital. For more information, please call our Events line at 1 888/34-FORUM PHONE or 1 617/ PHONE .. Seats at this event are limited, so register online today:. http://www.forrester.com/ER/Events/Upcoming/Overview/0,1550,122,FF.html	http://www.forrester.com/ER/Events/Upcoming/Overview/0,1550,122,FF.html	Please forward the following information to colleagues who you think would benefit from Forrester s research and events.
Please call him and confirm the	Ken called yesterday and we bought 5000/d april from him at 4.87.. He said it could be either Milagro or El Paso SJ.	He said it could be either Milagro or El Paso SJ.	Please call him and confirm the receipt point.
Please apprise when you ve completed your research with Producer Services	Daren,. Thank you for your prompt attention to this matter.. Just a reminder for you to roll the first six days of December 1999 for 98-9789 Sitara 108246.. Carlos/Tom,	Carlos/Tom,	Please apprise when you ve completed your research with Producer Services referencing the below meters that Daren have referred to as Contract Terminated .
Please review the attached-- none of our changes were accepted and I would			Please review the attached-- none of our changes were accepted and I would say it includes alot more than edits!!!!
Please print all documents	Please find the interview packets for the above-referenced candidates.. The interviews will occur on Friday January 26, 2001.	The interviews will occur on Friday January 26, 2001.	Please print all documents for your reference.
Please respond to bogden	No on 1.. Yes on 2.. One thing we may want to add in light of 2 is a confidentiality agreement so that Jung Ho doesn t find out about the settlement.	One thing we may want to add in light of 2 is a confidentiality agreement so that Jung Ho doesn t find out about the settlement.	Bill W. Ogden bogden ogwb.com 08/18/2000 02:12 PM Please respond to bogden To: Richard Sanders richard.b.sanders enron.com cc: Mike Miller mike.j.miller enron.com , Dorfman, Grant GDorfman ogwb.com , Bob Virgo robert.p.virgo enron.com Subject: Natole
Christian, could you coordinate the writing of this	Please see the attached.	Please see the attached.	Christian, could you coordinate the writing of this letter.
01; Please mark your calendars accordingly.	Is this the call to ensure that we re coordinated on the EES-related issues 20 before the California PUC?. Best, Jeff. 01; Today s 01; conference call for 2:00PM Central time is now rescheduled for 20 2:30PM Central instead.	01; Today s 01; conference call for 2:00PM Central time is now rescheduled for 20 2:30PM Central instead.	01; Please mark your calendars accordingly.
Rex, please proceed with the meetings.			Rex, please proceed with the meetings.
Please complete the report for 12th-16th June 2000 and return the document to	Dear All. Please find attached the new format for collecting information for the weekly report.. Please click into the document and write your information using the current format:. Text Times New Roman Font size 12 All information should be bulleted using a simple circular bullet point.	Text Times New Roman Font size 12 All information should be bulleted using a simple circular bullet point.	Please complete the report for 12th-16th June 2000 and return the document to me by 18:00 on Friday 16th June.
Please use your	Dear Mike,. This e-mail is automated notification of the availability of your current Natural Gas Intelligence Newsletter s .	This e-mail is automated notification of the availability of your current Natural Gas Intelligence Newsletter s .	Please use your username of mgrigsby and your password to access
Therefore, please prepare a list of site specific issues	Gentlemen,. Things are heating up, no pun intended.. Therefore, it would be helpful if you would prepare a closing list for the GE turbines moving out of WestLB.. I know it is short, but I thrive on lists.. I cannot tell you how many calls I ve swapped with ABB s rep about that contract, without ever hooking up.. I see that we will be facing a fire drill quickly in getting at least some of these transformers into the right financing vehicle.	I see that we will be facing a fire drill quickly in getting at least some of these transformers into the right financing vehicle.	Therefore, please prepare a list of site specific issues for that document as well.
If you could please right click on the DB icon and	Hi Tana -. I am trying to get my Lotus Notes accounted installed so that I can read your link.. The IT person asked if I could have you look for some information to configure my account.	The IT person asked if I could have you look for some information to configure my account.	If you could please right click on the DB icon and under the tab Basics, copy the following information and forward it to me.
Philip, would you please gather information about Jynell Holliday.			Philip, would you please gather information about Jynell Holliday.
Please give the following people access to this Database			Please give the following people access to this Database Kay Mann Carol St Clair
Please send in different format	cannot open this file.	cannot open this file.	Please send in different format
Brooklyn, please look this file over and let me know right away if there is	Kate I believe you can help us on all of these if you note any that I need to get with someone else on please let me know right away.. Tomorrow is the 3rd workday and we need to make our journal entries booking inter-co at the end of the day.. Thanks for all your help.	Thanks for all your help.	Brooklyn, please look this file over and let me know right away if there is anything I missed or need to add.
Please contact me at 713-853-6898 or	I am Cathy Phillips, Mike McConnell s assistant and I am responding to your message of his behalf.. He has asked that I schedule the meeting as requested in your message below.	He has asked that I schedule the meeting as requested in your message below.	Please contact me at PHONE or cathy.phillips enron.com and I will be happy to assist in anyway that I can.
Please observe Enron 01,s policy.	Expense Management System XMS version 6.01 is now available to current 20 users.. You can access the system from the Enron Home Page by typing in the 20 address field http://xms.enron.com.. 20. The new system features coding validation at the line item level and suppor ts 20 inter-company transactions .. The foreign currency activity window is now mo re 20 user-friendly.. LOGON ID: Each night HR information is loaded automatically into XMS.. However, that 20 process is not yet finalized.. An incomplete load can result in some people 20 having their old ID first initial and last name in lower case and some 20 having their eHRonline ID begins with the letter 01 P 018 .. If your old logon 20 does not work, try your 01 P 018 logon.. 20. PASSWORD The password for all is upper case ENRON.. The system will guide you throu gh 20 confirming your information and changing your password.. The Enron Code of 20 Ethics prohibits the sharing of passwords and logging on as another person.	The Enron Code of 20 Ethics prohibits the sharing of passwords and logging on as another person.	20 Please observe Enron 01,s policy.
Please direct this to the proper party for signature  two originals  and then	Peter -. I have attached below a beta test agreement for Enron Canada.. The product being tested is Net Works CommodityLogic internet based back office tool.. This system is currently in the development state and is being reviewed by Enron, as well as other companies within the industry.. Peggy Hedstrom is involved in the process of reviewing and testing the CL product.. We have obtained similar agreements from all beta test participants and need to have this for CL s files.. We are also obtaining one from ENA.	We are also obtaining one from ENA.	Please direct this to the proper party for signature two originals and then have them forward the originals to my attention or Tana s. We will ensure the agreement is countersigned and one original is returned to ECC for its files.
Guys, can you start working on your presentations for the offsite.			Guys, can you start working on your presentations for the offsite.
Please take a moment and visit today s sponsor-	Daily Riddle. Today s Riddle is -. 1.. Forward I am heavy, backward I am not.. What am I?. 2.. What occurs once in every minute, twice in every moment, yet never in a thousand years?. As always, you will find the answer below today s sponsor.	As always, you will find the answer below today s sponsor.	Please take a moment and visit today s sponsor-
Please call my assistant to set	Phil, Please review the attached and let me know what other changes need to be made.. I have added a sentence in Other of each to provide for the Force Majeure Language to be attached as Exhibit A.. Please let me know if you think this will work.. I will be out Monday, but in early Tuesday.	I will be out Monday, but in early Tuesday.	Please call my assistant to set up an appointment for Early Tuesday.
Melissa, please ensure both companies are on the same page.	March 2000 or March 2001?. One correction: It is our understanding that we will nominate this contract until March 2000, not until the fuel management responsibilities expire in 2002, unless we are successful in negotiating an extension of the ENA/CES Retail alliance beyond March 2000.. To ensure everyone is on the same page.. International Paper/Union Camp contract expires with CES Retail to perform the Fuel Management Duties in 2002.. Fred Lombardo has been handling the fuel management responsibilities from Pittsburgh and will leave CES at the end of February.. CES is outsourcing these management responsibilities to Alliance Energy Services.. CES has a term supply contract with Enron for 6900 delivered to Union Camp and this expires at the end of March 2000.. CES is in agreement that Enron will continue to nominate this gas until the end of March 2000.. The Contract signed between CES and Enron, states that ENA has the agency rights for the International Paper Contract.. Enron s understanding is that Enron will continue to nominate this contract until CES s fuel management responsibilities expire in 2002.	Enron s understanding is that Enron will continue to nominate this contract until CES s fuel management responsibilities expire in 2002.	Colleen and Melissa, please ensure both companies are on the same page.
Could you please fax this to Heather?	Claude,	Claude,	Could you please fax this to Heather?
other people please supply them to me so I can keep everyone posted on the	Hey bro. What is happening?!. Fishing stuff is coming along.. The charter is set for Sept. 22nd in the A.M. departing from point pleasant.. Capt.. Gene will get back to me in a week or so with more details.. The cost is 50 per person.. No bottles allowed but you can bring cans or cups.. I ve got the beer and drinks.. Also pack food.. Trip should be about 8 hours.. Contacted Rich Moeller and let him know about the time and specifics.. It looks like 14 people are going with the possibility of about 20 5 are still undecided .. Should be a good time.	Should be a good time.	If you have some e-mail addresses for Rich or Rosigliano or a couple of other people please supply them to me so I can keep everyone posted on the details.
Please get with John	The Madera project in California should not be going forward.. We had a meeting whereby we all agreed to cancel this project.	We had a meeting whereby we all agreed to cancel this project.	Please get with John to see what is up.
please send out a short e-mail to the STCA desk.	Good Morning/Evening,	Good Morning/Evening,	If you find that SP, NP or ZP is out in RT Position Manager on the weekend, please send out a short e-mail to the STCA desk.
Please respond to  hamel rice.edu	Vince, Did you receive this paper?. Jason. Forwarded by Jason Sokolov/HOU/ECT on 05/01/2001 03:55 PM	Forwarded by Jason Sokolov/HOU/ECT on 05/01/2001 03:55 PM	Stuart Russell Hamel hamel ruf.rice.edu on 04/30/2001 04:52:12 PM Please respond to hamel rice.edu To: vince.j.kaminski enron.com cc: jason.sokolov enron.com Subject:
Tana, could you please prepare and arrange for execution.	Mark/Tana:. Forwarded is the NDA with Global Crossing, which is agreed for signature.	Forwarded is the NDA with Global Crossing, which is agreed for signature.	Tana, could you please prepare and arrange for execution.
Please review and lets discuss your thoughts as to how this	Attached is the Confirm and the General Terms and Conditions that would govern the CPL Power Sale Transaction.. This is the May 1 through December 31, 2001third party call option that Heather refers to in Section 1. of the AIG Term Sheet.	This is the May 1 through December 31, 2001third party call option that Heather refers to in Section 1. of the AIG Term Sheet.	Please review and lets discuss your thoughts as to how this transaction impacts the sale.
Please RSVP your attendance to my assistant, SheriJordan, via email at	calendar and meeting file. Thank you for agreeing to serve on the WorkLife Executive Council.. Please join Cindy Olson and myself for our first meeting, which is scheduled on Monday, October 30, from 2:00-3:30 p.m. in Conference Room EB-42c1.. The purpose of the meeting is to review and approve the WorkLife Executive Council Charter and general operations for the Council.. In addition, a presentation on Telecommuting and Sabbaticals will be provided for the Council s first consideration.. An agenda and attachments will be forwarded to each of you for your review prior to the meeting on the 30th.	An agenda and attachments will be forwarded to each of you for your review prior to the meeting on the 30th.	Please RSVP your attendance to my assistant, SheriJordan, via email at sheri.jordan enron.com or by telephone to ext.
Could you email me the most current version  I think it was March 3 ?	Federal jurisdiction and limit of liability verbage.. That s what comes to mind at this point.	That s what comes to mind at this point.	Could you email me the most current version I think it was March 3 ?
PLEASE READ THE ATTACHED FILE  Ethical Wall Procedure  AND PRINT AND SIGN THE EMPLOYEE CERTIFICATION  below .	IMPORTANT:	IMPORTANT:	PLEASE READ THE ATTACHED FILE Ethical Wall Procedure AND PRINT AND SIGN THE EMPLOYEE CERTIFICATION below .
Fred, please confirm.	My statement on the value of the GSA is based on the extensive work that Fred, John and I have done on this deal.. Fred previously checked with the gas desk on this because Aquila had indicated an interest to buy out this contract.. The gas desk indicated the current value as of a couple weeks ago was 800k.	The gas desk indicated the current value as of a couple weeks ago was 800k.	Fred, please confirm.
Toby, can you post this document for TW on the  web site under access forms?	The TW LFT Overrun Request form has been reviewed by Susan and the final form is attached below for your records.	The TW LFT Overrun Request form has been reviewed by Susan and the final form is attached below for your records.	Toby, can you post this document for TW on the web site under access forms?
Please get with Nathan Hlavaty with	We need this agreement to be month-to-month.. There is a possibility that HPL may be off this tower in a few months.	There is a possibility that HPL may be off this tower in a few months.	Please get with Nathan Hlavaty with any questions, because I will be out of the office until May 30.
Please follow the above URL to view and listen to a replay of this CERA	Title: Current Crisis and the Southern Cone Gas and Power Markets URL s :. http://www20.cera.com/eprofile?u 35 m 2752;. In an October 18, 2001 CERA Conference Call and Web Presentation, Barbara Mattos, Jed Bailey, and Otavio Mielnik discussed:. Southern Cone Economic Update. New Drivers for Power Supply and Demand. Natural Gas Supply and Demand	Natural Gas Supply and Demand	Please follow the above URL to view and listen to a replay of this CERA conference call playback.
Make sure you send these messages to Andy Edison			Make sure you send these messages to Andy Edison
Please roll over November 1.	Approved.	Approved.	Please roll over November 1.
Please respond to khairuddin mjaafar petronas.com.my	Khairuddin,. Thanks for your message.. The fax has been sent.. Vince	Vince	KhairuddinBMJaafar petronas.com.my on 01/17/2001 01:50:36 AM Please respond to khairuddin mjaafar petronas.com.my To: vkamins ect.enron.com cc: azminab petronas.com.my Subject: Petronas benchmarking visit
Please review or we will discuss at our 3:00 meeting today.	Team, I m not sure what the latest discussions you ve had since our last meeting, but I need to get this concept outlined and in the hands of my customer.. They are making their decision any day now and I believe this structure will add to the value of our Compression Service and reduce our dependence on the minimum load factor.. I ve attached a basic outline as I see it.	I ve attached a basic outline as I see it.	Please review or we will discuss at our 3:00 meeting today.
Can you do this call?	Jeff --	Jeff --	Can you do this call?
Pls include on the Monthly Report			Pls include on the Monthly Report
Please try to make it to the field by 6:30.	We have a game tonight at 7:00.	We have a game tonight at 7:00.	Please try to make it to the field by 6:30.
Therefore please could you	Dear Vince. I am delighted that you have agreed to take part in the Energy and Power Risk Management 4th annual congress ?. POWER 2000 ?. which will be taking place on 9 10 May 2000 in Houston, TX at the Houstonian.. As you know Energy and Power Risk Management Magazine has an excellent reputation in the energy community and we want to make this event as successful as possible.. We are currently in the process of launching the event and researching the publications and associations mentioned during the research for the conference to make sure that we are getting the best coverage.. Before we complete the marketing plan for the conference we want to be sure that we are reaching all the people who may be interested.. We constantly strive to improve the marketing of our events and therefore we ask our speakers for further ideas and contacts.	We constantly strive to improve the marketing of our events and therefore we ask our speakers for further ideas and contacts.	Therefore please could you let me know whether you could help with any of the following.
Please schedule some time with Suzanne and who ever else she wishes to include from her business team.	Patti,	Patti,	Please schedule some time with Suzanne and who ever else she wishes to include from her business team.
John, Please look into this.			John, Please look into this.
Could you check the work phone for Joseph Brophy.	Greetings Diane:	Greetings Diane:	Could you check the work phone for Joseph Brophy.
Please forward any recent changes to me for	Sara;. I think I am getting old ... Did you ever forward to me an updated copy of the swap matrix for Brazil ?. Would you mind re-sending it to me ?. !. Hope all is well !. !. Thanks and Regards,. Sami. Hi, Sami!. Sorry we missed the call yesterday.. I just wanted to update you on some of the financial trading issues in Brazil and I have added you to the working group list .. I am going to finalize our swap matrix for Brazil.. On the physical trading side, I had asked a physical trading lawyer to call you and am wondering if Elizabeth Sager ever called or emailed.. Please let me know.. Thanks.. Sara. Dear Sara:. Thank you for your message below.. Please find attached hereto free translation into English of new foreign investor s regulations in Brazil.. We are preparing a memo to you in connection with such new regulations and are finalizing the matrix prepared last year.. We will send them to you shortly.. Kind regards,. Marcelo Rodrigues. Sara Shackleton Sara.Shackleton enron.com 05/04 12:08 pm. AFAC and Marcelo: I hope this message finds you both well.. I would like to finalize the matrix which was prepared last year so that we can create a baseline for future updates.. Please feel free to date the matrix as of December, 1999, if you wish.	Please feel free to date the matrix as of December, 1999, if you wish.	Please forward any recent changes to me for comment and I will respond immediately.
Please realize  01 conducting our business affairs in accordance with the	As officers of the company, we would like to reiterate that we are all 20 responsible for conducting the business affairs of the Company in accordanc e 20 with all applicable laws and in a moral and honest manner.. 20 At this particular point in time, we would like to revisit our Business 20 Ethics policy: 20 01 Employees of the Company are charged with conducting their business af fairs 20 in accordance with the highest ethical standards.. An employee shall not 20 conduct himself or herself in a manner, which directly or indirectly would be 20 detrimental to the best interests of the Company or in a manner, which woul d 20 bring to the employee financial gain separately derived as a direct 20 consequence of his or her employment with the Company.	An employee shall not 20 conduct himself or herself in a manner, which directly or indirectly would be 20 detrimental to the best interests of the Company or in a manner, which woul d 20 bring to the employee financial gain separately derived as a direct 20 consequence of his or her employment with the Company.	018 Please realize 01 conducting our business affairs in accordance with the 20 highest ethical standards 018 should be reflected in all communications.
Please make certain that all physical positions are loaded correctly in NCD			Please make certain that all physical positions are loaded correctly in NCD for term.
can you look to see what indenture trustee filed?	richard, thanks for your confirm as to filing.. what can we expect re the objection process?. timeline, formal objection process etc??. how will our contingent indemnity claim be handled?	how will our contingent indemnity claim be handled?	can you look to see what indenture trustee filed?
Please respond no later than 10 a.m. on Wednesday, April 25.	Ok for me.. Tana/Kelly/Karen:. The product long descriptions below will fall under four new product types: US Propane Fin Opt Call US Propane Fin Opt Put US PurityEthane Fin Opt Call US PurityEthane Fin Opt Put Credit Tom Moran has approved copying the profiles for the new product type from the following:. US Propane Fin Swap	US Propane Fin Swap	Please respond no later than 10 a.m. on Wednesday, April 25.
Jeff -- could you coordinate with Rosie to get the time and place nailed down?	Hey Jeff.. I ve got the details on the RGA meeting and am working with Rosie on that, so when you get a chance, give me a buzz and we can compare notes.. I will fax you info so you know location/time/etc.. I m also focused on getting 15-30 minutes of time that afternoon for Ken Lay to talk with John Rowe co chair of Exelon on open access/FERC positions.. Thanks, Steve.. I ll coordinate with Rosie.. Best, Jeff. I got a voicemail fro Ken.. He would be happy to meet with Freeman.. He is willing to work on other times, but suggested the following After 3:00 on May 2nd right after Ken s speech to the RGA or late the day before or in the morning of the second to do this though he would have to cancel his speech to the Texas Governor s business council but he is willing to do this if necessary His least preferred alternative in this general time frame would be early morning on the third.	He is willing to work on other times, but suggested the following After 3:00 on May 2nd right after Ken s speech to the RGA or late the day before or in the morning of the second to do this though he would have to cancel his speech to the Texas Governor s business council but he is willing to do this if necessary His least preferred alternative in this general time frame would be early morning on the third.	Jeff -- could you coordinate with Rosie to get the time and place nailed down?
send me a fax with  signature.	Alan,. In response to your phone call, I too had to refresh my mind its MONDAY!!.. I will e-mail later today a final version of the redline for execution.. You can print two originals, sign both and send same to my attention at the address below.. I will return a fully executed original for your records.	I will return a fully executed original for your records.	Should need to trade prior to full execution of the GISB, send me a fax with signature.
Please send hard copies of the change order	Hi Kathy,. I neglected to keep a hard copy.	I neglected to keep a hard copy.	Please send hard copies of the change order to: Brian Hulse, Carl Tricoli, and me.
Would you get me all the contract details on this capacity and email it to me?			Would you get me all the contract details on this capacity and email it to me?
Please review and approve John s.	In my email inbox I have a few expense reports for me and John Brindle.	In my email inbox I have a few expense reports for me and John Brindle.	Please review and approve John s. Please check on mine: they show that they are paid but on one it looks like they paid double.
Cathy, can you send the following to everyone presenting at  the offsite			Cathy, can you send the following to everyone presenting at the offsite
In your spare time  HA! HA!  will you check and let me know the earliest outstanding trade dates for the following counterparties:			Hi, Diane:
Please submit your written application to Joe Thompson at the	I thought the meter numbers were different.. If you ll notice, the 5 postings were all the same..... : I ll make sure to send this postings to all those listed below when they come upnext time.. Thanks!!. -AZ. There are five CNG postings listed below.. Posting 1 APPALACHIAN PRODUCER NOTICE. POSTED May 23, 2000. Dear West Virginia Producer,. Over the last several years, Dominion Transmission has worked hard providing additional value to producers on its gathering system and through innovative projects and joint ventures.. In continuing with that process to bring you more value for your local production and to improve the efficiency of our gathering system, we would like to continue a process where compression into our gathering system may be approved.. We have been able to grant a limited number of these requests in the past, and would now like to make this opportunity somewhat more widely available to the producers.. For this second offering, the process we will use is as follows: For a period of 30 days, beginning 12:00 Noon on May 24, 2000, the Gathering and Production Division of Dominion Transmission will accept applications for compression rights into its gathering system for gas feeding its SCHUTTE compressor station.. The Dominion bubbles affected are PHONE .. Dominion recognizes that, although limited, there does exist the incremental capacity for throughput through these compressor stations.. The incremental capacity authorized through new compression agreements will not exceed the limit Dominion determines to be the capacity of the existing compressors.. Dominion will attempt to be flexible in approving the applications it receives, but will limit approved applications so as to not unreasonably interfere with the production from the existing non-compressed gas entering the system.	Dominion will attempt to be flexible in approving the applications it receives, but will limit approved applications so as to not unreasonably interfere with the production from the existing non-compressed gas entering the system.	Please submit your written application to Joe Thompson at the Dominion Gathering Production Office.
Please call with questions and concerns.	Per our verbal conversation earlier today, Enron North America Corp. would be interested in selling gas under the following terms:. Volume: 400,000MMBtu during the month of August, 2000 and 800,000MMBtu during the first 10 days of September, 2000 Price: Fixed price as agreed by both parties at time of request by Duke for a firm price equal to the September NYMEX .01 Delivery Point: as agreed by both parties	Volume: 400,000MMBtu during the month of August, 2000 and 800,000MMBtu during the first 10 days of September, 2000 Price: Fixed price as agreed by both parties at time of request by Duke for a firm price equal to the September NYMEX .01 Delivery Point: as agreed by both parties	Please call with questions and concerns.
Please review the attached non-standard discount letter to Duke Energy	I ve discussed the actual fuel provision with Christine and Bob and made them aware that this is a nonconforming provision that would need to be filed, since the FTS-1 rate schedule provides that fuel payments are to be made according to the percentages set forth in the rate sheets.. According to Bob s calculations, the actual fuel used by Duke under this contract is likely to exceed the applicable percentages in our tariff.. I don t think FERC or any of our shippers would have any immediate objection to our charging actual fuel.. However, I know that fuel is a sensitive issue on TW so I wanted to be sure to draw your attention to this provision.. Let me know what you think.. TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE COMPANY CONTRACT APPROVAL FORM	TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE COMPANY CONTRACT APPROVAL FORM	Please review the attached non-standard discount letter to Duke Energy Trading Marketing DUKE and the associated letter from Transwestern to Duke which outlines the conditions of Transwestern s Contribution in Aid of Construction CIAC payment to Duke for certain facility upgrades.
Please make sure you let your friend know.	This was her e-mail to me.	This was her e-mail to me.	Please make sure you let your friend know.
Please look at deal   474762 APS for a total of 19 MWh  8 11MWh .	Mark-	Mark-	Please look at deal 474762 APS for a total of 19 MWh 8 11MWh .
Please save this email for future use.	Your login information for VerticalNet s eBusiness Training Services:. USERNAME: PHONE PASSWORD: WELDONV75590. You can log in to your account by clicking here: LOG IN HERE	You can log in to your account by clicking here: LOG IN HERE	Please save this email for future use.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Catherine Homsey 140 Bella Vista Way San Francisco, CA 94127 sfsiren yahoo.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Sara:  When you have a chance, would you forward me a sample confirmation for			Sara: When you have a chance, would you forward me a sample confirmation for one of the above referenced trades?
Jessica, can you follow up on this request pls.			Jessica, can you follow up on this request pls.
of you ask Tsuri  sp?  to have his new lawyer call me and Susan after Howard			-Origin: FOSSUM-D X-FileName: dfossum.nsf
Could you guys look into this?	LaRence is running up against the deadline for associates to be promoted or move out.. Here is my concern: LaRence has been worked for a number of people who ended up leaving the company: he worked for Dave Ramm at Enron Wind Dave left .. He also worked for John Palmisano who also has left the company.. He ended up in a structuring group working for Brad Richter.. It s hard to sort out what happened there but perhaps because of LaRence s lack of interest in the area, which he apparently expressed to Brad, he has not done much structuring work and Brad is not inclined to promote him or keep him in the organization.. He has been told that he needs to find something now.	He has been told that he needs to find something now.	Could you guys look into this?
Please send me a draft of the resolutions once you have	Dear Florencia:. Attached are resolutions which we request that you prepare for the captioned company to adopt.	Attached are resolutions which we request that you prepare for the captioned company to adopt.	Please send me a draft of the resolutions once you have put them in the proper form for signature.
Please confirm to me that Hal is fully dedicated to this	Dear Steve and Zhiyong,. I have had a chance to review the elaboration document for the executive report viewer.. I agree with the goals and objectives for this project.. As you are aware, this project is extremely high priority.. John Lavorato is expecting that several new reports be available as soon as possible.. We agreed that Hal would be fully dedicated to this project and the Risk Controls group.	We agreed that Hal would be fully dedicated to this project and the Risk Controls group.	Please confirm to me that Hal is fully dedicated to this project now and will continue to be until it is completed.
Please handle this request.			Please handle this request.
Please follow up on this and pursue a guaranty amendment if neccesary.	Looks like he punted to Russell Diamond.. Give Russell a call and let him know what we need.. Query: What does this mean as far as our assignment request?. Eric Gillaspie PHONE Enron Building 3886. Russell,	Russell,	Please follow up on this and pursue a guaranty amendment if neccesary.
Also, could you provide	Julie,. Could you print off the current work request report by 1:30 today?. Gentlemen,. I d like to review this today at 1:30 in our office.	I d like to review this today at 1:30 in our office.	Also, could you provide me with your activity reports so I can have Julie enter this information.
Can you please check	I ve been keeping track of this with Tracy Ngo, our credit gal, and the last thing I heard on it this morning was that it s still pending credit.. Tracy is in a meeting right now, but I ll grab her as soon as she gets out she sits next to me and find out what the status is.. Unfortunately, Tracy said when a deal is pending credit approval it s a little vague as to when the decision will be made.. Mike Swerzbin told her last night that he wasn t concerned about whether or not the deal was approved, so without the trader on credit s case, I think sometimes deals get lost in the shuffle.. But I ll keep on top of it and let you know this afternoon.. Thanks, Kate. Hi Kate, what s the status of this deal?. this deal is contingent on credit - he ll let me know later today whether or not it s a good trade.. thanks, Kate. sorry Friday, 3/9. what was the trade date on this?. Prebon sent over a confirm for a deal where: Enron Mike Swerzbin buys from PPL Montana Cal 04-Cal 06 25 mw of Mid-C at 45.00 off-peak hours.. They did not tell me about this deal during checkout.	They did not tell me about this deal during checkout.	Can you please check with Mike.
Please prepare a section on each of your businesses	Guys,. Attached below is a presentation that I put together for M Frevert for the latest analyst presentation.. We kept it to only a few businesses - they didn t end up using any of it.. I do however want to have an EGM presentation that everyone can use.	I do however want to have an EGM presentation that everyone can use.	Please prepare a section on each of your businesses and return via email or hard copy.
Can you please have someone get me a copy of the Valero deal that expired			Cheryl, Can you please have someone get me a copy of the Valero deal that expired 10/31/00 so that I can see how we documented that deal.
Please plan on meeting	John and Jeff,. Good Morning!. Sorry for the lengthy email- but I urge you to take the time to read all of the attachments in preparation for the NY media demo briefings next week.. We have an amazing line-up of journalists for both of you!. An overview of the attached documents for quick reference: Jeff s schedule: April 3- trades John s schedule: in April 4- mainstream Demo outline- details the order of information to go over in the site demo Jeff s journalist briefing book John s journalist briefing book Enron Credit Fact Sheet Backgrounder will be included in press packets. The day of your briefings will be long and exhausting, but well worth your time and effort.. Your first briefings begin at 9 AM.	Your first briefings begin at 9 AM.	Please plan on meeting me at Middleberg at 8 AM to go over any last minute changes or updates.
Send me some of	Val,. What is this e-mail about, did you mean to send it to me?	What is this e-mail about, did you mean to send it to me?	Send me some of those funny jokes that are going around.
If so, could you email us a copy?	Do either of you have the Frank Wallock sp?. report he prepared on how suppliers should respond to the California problem, including the contract for differences concept?	report he prepared on how suppliers should respond to the California problem, including the contract for differences concept?	If so, could you email us a copy?
Please email an id and password	Griff,. It is bidweek again.. I need to provide view only ID s to the two major publications that post the monthly indeces.	I need to provide view only ID s to the two major publications that post the monthly indeces.	Please email an id and password to the following:
Can you call me today with an update?	This problem is a result of the lack an automated interface between GCP and RPS and RGS.. My understanding is that Todd Taylor on your team is working on this interface.. What is the expected completion of this interface, and if is later than today, what can be done to deliver this ASAP.. With the large number of Mass Market deals being done, it is imperative to have an automated solution to this problem.	With the large number of Mass Market deals being done, it is imperative to have an automated solution to this problem.	Can you call me today with an update?
please match the following deals for jan feb and mar			please match the following deals for jan feb and mar
To remove your address from the list, send a message to:	Hi!. This is the ezmlm program.. I m managing the customers list.frontierairlines.com mailing list.. To confirm that you would like. sscott5 enron.com. added to the customers mailing list, please send an empty reply to this address:. customers-sc PHONE .fmplodjlfdpdfemdmpmp-sscott5 enron.com list.frontierair lines.com. Usually, this happens when you just hit the reply button.. This confirmation serves two purposes.. First, it verifies that I am able to get mail through to you.. Second, it protects you in case someone forges a subscription request in your name.. Administrative commands for the customers list. I can handle administrative requests automatically.. Please do not send them to the list address!. Instead, send your message to the correct command address:. To subscribe to the list, send a message to: customers-subscribe list.frontierairlines.com	To subscribe to the list, send a message to: customers-subscribe list.frontierairlines.com	To remove your address from the list, send a message to: customers-unsubscribe list.frontierairlines.com
Please print attachment and make sure that e:mail addresses are included for			Please print attachment and make sure that e:mail addresses are included for the students.
y: would you please send to Richard our current discussion of California th	I have asked my asst.. to put a meeting together.. Original Message. Richard: We have a general discussion of California in our current SEC fil ings, but it is not included in the Litigation footnote.. Once we start put ting the California discussion in the Litigation footnote, it pretty much s tays there until all this goes away which I assume could take years .	Once we start put ting the California discussion in the Litigation footnote, it pretty much s tays there until all this goes away which I assume could take years .	Gar y: would you please send to Richard our current discussion of California th at appeared in the first Quarter 10-Q.
Please call Maggie Cruz at 3-1816 regarding XMS Training.	Important Reminder for ENA Employees. ENA will be rolling out the new Concur Technologies XMS Expense Management System March 1, 2001.. XMS will replace the Excel Spreadsheet currently submitted to request expense reimbursement.. PLEASE NOTE: Those people/teams who have not received training are still able to submit reports as before, but teams within ENA are asked to transition to XMS as soon as possible following the March 1 target.. The deadline to transition to XMS is April 1, 2001.. There may be a number of ENA administrative assistants who have already received hands-on classroom training and are able to submit both their own reports and the reports of those people they support.. If you or your administrative assistant need to be trained on XMS, there are several options available:. 1.. XMS Demo One or more XMS demonstrations had been scheduled in the month of February.. These demonstrations will give an overview of XMS functionality but will not offer hands-on training.. 2.	2.	XMS Classroom Training Please call Maggie Cruz at 3-1816 regarding XMS Training.
Can you send me Jim s evaluation form so I can write his midyear review?	Jeanie,	Jeanie,	Can you send me Jim s evaluation form so I can write his midyear review?
Please add this book to both the AGG-GASIII and	Burton,. The book INTRA-ONT-CAD-GDL is in the AGG-GASlI portfolio, not in the AGG-GAS III and IV portfolios.	The book INTRA-ONT-CAD-GDL is in the AGG-GASlI portfolio, not in the AGG-GAS III and IV portfolios.	Please add this book to both the AGG-GASIII and AGG-GASIV portfolios.
Can you help me with capacity prices on TCO to put in our pricing models?			Can you help me with capacity prices on TCO to put in our pricing models?
Please create a one month	Lindholm Oil , Inc. 6575 500 MMbtu/d 100 Gas Daily less .15. I will create a committed reserves ticket for the remaining term of the deal once our geologists have gathered enough data to forecast the reserves of this well, at such time, we will request that this ticket be zeroed out.. Please supply the sitara number once entered.. If you have any questions, please give me a call.. Susan x 33321. Forwarded by Susan Smith/HOU/ECT on 02/14/2000 03:25 PM. Tom,. The Doehrman 1 well came on line for first delivery on Monday, 2/7/00 at 11:45am.. The contract calls for intra-month pricing for deliveries that commence after the first day of the month.	The contract calls for intra-month pricing for deliveries that commence after the first day of the month.	Please create a one month baseload firm deal ticket for the remaining days of the month based on the following information:
Please call or reply by	Kevin,. Thank you for your reply.. To answer, the service is designed for multiple users over an intranet connetion.. The more users, the lower the cost per user.. If it s just for you, we can work out a price that s reasonable for your budget.. Let s discuss this.. My phone number is PHONE .	My phone number is PHONE .	Please call or reply by email to set up a conference call.
Please respond tomorrow if possible or as soon as you get back.	John, 20. Listed below are the goals that i drafted for Crude and Products from your 20 voicemail.. Please review and make changes including adding specific 20 information eg: number of deals, volumes, specific types of transactions, 20 etc.. to each dot point.. Also please don t hesitate to change the way it i s 20 worded.	Also please don t hesitate to change the way it i s 20 worded.	Please respond tomorrow if possible or as soon as you get back.
Please take a look at the proposed job specification created by Ben Parsons	Anjam,. It s a very good job description.. Vince. Hi Vince/Dale,. We now have one internal candidate Amit and are seeking others.. We are also exploring our external contacts to see if we can find someone suitable.	We are also exploring our external contacts to see if we can find someone suitable.	Please take a look at the proposed job specification created by Ben Parsons word document attached below .
If any other newpaper publishes a summary of the same report will you please send it to me.			If any other newpaper publishes a summary of the same report will you please send it to me.
Can you help me on this?			Can you help me on this?
Please call me with any questions.	Tanya: Although you and I didn t have an opportunity to talk this morning, Vince conveyed to me that an offer should be extended to Jaesoo Lew.. He also told me that Jaesoo would be reporting to you.. I need some information concerning the position, so I am attaching a form that needs to be completed and returned to me as quickly as possible.. In the meantime, I will contact Jaesoo to verbally offer him the position.	In the meantime, I will contact Jaesoo to verbally offer him the position.	Please call me with any questions.
Please review and provide comments back PGL s	Sheila,. Attached is the edited Master Purchase and Sale document AKA the affiliate document between PGL/MEH.	Attached is the edited Master Purchase and Sale document AKA the affiliate document between PGL/MEH.	Please review and provide comments back PGL s attorney Simon Halfin, email: S.Halfin pecorp.com, phone PHONE .
call me to discuss what you currently have that would be great.	With regards to our conversation yesterday, I am loking for basic economics regarding GE 7FA s. Such as, 1. output per turbine; 2. output for 4 7FA and 2 steam turbines; 3.. Heat Rates; and 4. cost per turbine and steam turbine.. Total plant output will need to be 1000 MW s and will be run as a combined cycle facility.	Total plant output will need to be 1000 MW s and will be run as a combined cycle facility.	If you could get me these numbers by the end of the day or call me to discuss what you currently have that would be great.
Please give me a call this afternoon and let me know if you ve had a chance	Hi Chris,	Hi Chris,	Please give me a call this afternoon and let me know if you ve had a chance to look over the deals for october that Mary Ellenberger emailed to you last week.
Joe -- could you see if someone at FERC -- Hebert or Madden, might be			Joe -- could you see if someone at FERC -- Hebert or Madden, might be available -- or suggest a suitable alternative?
Also to the extent that we have agreements please provide me with the address from the notice provision.	Marie/Tana - would you be able to help me out again on the looking up the agreements that we have with the following entities.	Marie/Tana - would you be able to help me out again on the looking up the agreements that we have with the following entities.	Also to the extent that we have agreements please provide me with the address from the notice provision.
please reply to this email indicating your preference.	?. Now get your Schwab statement online and review account?. activity quickly and conveniently.. ?. ?. As an eConfirms subscriber, you already experience the ease and?. convenience of receiving your trade confirmations by email.. Now?. Schwab streamlines recordkeeping even further with eStatements.. ?. Paperless eStatements are online account statements that keep?. you organized and informed -- while they reduce clutter and?. save you time.. ?. Click on the link below to log in to schwab.com and sign up for?. eStatements.. Each month you have account activity, you ll?. receive an email when your eStatement is available online.. ?. http://schwab.ed10.net/ud/HRD3/ULUE/3CO3/GX/M9JBK8. eStatements are viewable on schwab.com, unlike eConfirms,?. which you view in an email.. ?. Schwab eStatements allow you to:?. Print copies whenever you want -- eStatements come in a?. quick-to-view HTML format, as well as a printer-friendly PDF?. format.?. Download and archive them right on your computer.?. Access historical statements -- Schwab will keep your records?. for up to 18 months, secure and available whenever you need?. them.. ?. Schwab eStatements -- another great way to simplify your?. financial life.. Log in and enroll your account s today 1 .. ?. Click here to enroll or view a sample eStatement.. http://schwab.ed10.net/ud/HRD3/206P/3CO3/MQ/M9JBK8. 1 To subscribe to eStatements, you will need to log in to schwab.com.. If you do not log in using your Social Security Number SSN , you will be prompted to link your account s to your SSN in order to gain access to eStatements.. After enrolling your eligible accounts for eStatements, you ll no longer receive a statement by mail unless you choose the duplicate paper option.. Access to electronic services may be limited or unavailable during periods of peak demand, market volatility, systems upgrades or maintenance, or for other reasons.	Access to electronic services may be limited or unavailable during periods of peak demand, market volatility, systems upgrades or maintenance, or for other reasons.	If you would prefer to receive only account service emails, please reply to this email indicating your preference.
Please look at your logs and let me know the MW value, price, and who you spoke to at MPC at what time.	Dear Real-Timers,. We are having the same problem with Montana Power s checkout as we had last month: the volume of disputes is overwhelming!. !. I have looked at the Inc sheets and found that EnPower matches the Inc. sheets.. But in fairness to MPC s disputes, last month when I trusted the Inc sheets, and I pulled the tapes, I found that our Inc. sheets were wrong in a number of places.. Mike and I are doing the March 2001 checkout and are having trouble finding your logs, your notebooks, or any information regarding the dates in question.. I am listing below the dates and HE that we are having disputes for.	I am listing below the dates and HE that we are having disputes for.	Please look at your logs and let me know the MW value, price, and who you spoke to at MPC at what time.
Please complete all sections.	Credit Risk Modeling for Financial Institutions October 15 - 20, 2000 At Stanford University Business School. Risk management specialists, Stanford Business School professors of finance Darrell Duffie and Kenneth Singleton will be repeating their successful executive program on Credit Risk Pricing and Risk Management for Financial Institutions.. The course is created for risk managers, research staff, and traders with responsibility for credit risk or credit-related products, including bond and loan portfolios, OTC derivative portfolios, and credit derivatives.. This program includes: valuation models for defaultable bonds, OTC derivatives, and credit derivatives, with empirical applications to corporate and sovereign markets empirical and theoretical assessments of models for measuring credit risk, with correlation, for portfolios the strengths and limitations of current practice in credit risk measurement practical issues in implementing credit modeling and risk systems estimation of default and transition probabilities, and the correlations among the default risks of publicly traded companies, from historical data. Application Form: Credit Risk Modeling for Financial Institutions Stanford, October 15 - 20, 2000. This form may be completed and returned by email, or may be printed and sent by fax to:. Stanford GSB Executive Education Programs Fax Number: PHONE . You may also apply and see more detailed information by visiting our web site at:. www.gsb.stanford.edu/exed/crm. Applications will be acknowledged upon receipt.. If you have not received an acknowledgement within two weeks, please contact us.	If you have not received an acknowledgement within two weeks, please contact us.	Please complete all sections.
Please review and provide any comments you may have.	FYI, Attached is the form of lease agreement that Hanover has forwarded for our lease of the compression equipment from Hanover on the Oakhill deal.. This is actually GE Capital s form of lease agreement, but would be executed between Hanover and Enron Compression Services Company.	This is actually GE Capital s form of lease agreement, but would be executed between Hanover and Enron Compression Services Company.	Please review and provide any comments you may have.
Please prepare a draft and send to:	Debra, Can you please forward the attached contract to Dave Hutchens.. Debra -. Attached is a worksheet for another new Master Firm Purchase/Sale, this time for Tucson Electric Power Company.	Attached is a worksheet for another new Master Firm Purchase/Sale, this time for Tucson Electric Power Company.	Please prepare a draft and send to:
Please provide me with a copy of the new one	I do have a copy of those.	I do have a copy of those.	Please provide me with a copy of the new one when it s signed.
Please post and circulate to the team.			Please post and circulate to the team.
Please hold the presses before this gets billed to us.	Whoa, that is way too high for yesterday.	Whoa, that is way too high for yesterday.	Please hold the presses before this gets billed to us.
can you get me the number of our contact at the Delano.			can you get me the number of our contact at the Delano.
Please use the same dial in and pass code numbers  877-232-0064;	Here s the letter agreement I referenced in my other email.. Kay. Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 04/03/2001 01:28 PM. 2XFLRED.DOC 2XFNRED.DOC 2XPRRED.DOC. Gentlemen:. We have enclosed revised drafts of the following documents:. 1.. Letter Agreement between ENA and PPL, marked to reflect revisions from the prior draft dated April 1, 2001; 2.. LLC Agreement between ENA and PPL, marked to reflect revisions from the prior draft dated March 16, 2001; and 3.. Guaranty Agreement from Delta in favor of ENA, marked to reflect revisions from Delta s draft dated April 2, 2001.. These documents are being furnished simultaneously to Enron, and are therefore subject to further review.. We suggest a conference call at 1:00 p.m. central time today to review these documents.	We suggest a conference call at 1:00 p.m. central time today to review these documents.	Please use the same dial in and pass code numbers PHONE ; 25581 .
Can you please take a look at this?	Daren - There was flow at meter 1351 for Dec 2000.. It flowed every day, with an average flow of 151/day.. The last deal associated with this meter was 274772 in October 00.. It also flowed in November with no nom, it is currently on stranger s gas.	It also flowed in November with no nom, it is currently on stranger s gas.	Can you please take a look at this?
Please review and forward as needed to JPMorgan.	Attached is the slide detailing expansions to California as of 11/7/2001.	Attached is the slide detailing expansions to California as of 11/7/2001.	Please review and forward as needed to JPMorgan.
Please forward a credit worksheet for AGL.			Please forward a credit worksheet for AGL.
Please share this information with colleagues who may find the Federal	We have added the following email address, at your request:. jeff.skilling enron.com. Subscribers to the Dallas Fed Community Affairs list automatically receive e-mail announcing our latest publications, including Banking and Community Perspectives, our online magazine e-Perspectives, and information on upcoming events.. The e-mail will include direct links to publications and event information on our website.. Subscribers can be added to or removed from the announcement list by means of a simple e-mail message no additional text needed in either the subject line or the body of the message .. To subscribe, send to: perspectives-on mail-list.com To unsubscribe, send to: perspectives-off mail-list.com To change your e-mail address, send to perspectives-change mail-list.com with the old address in the subject line.. For questions or comments, send e-mail to Dal.CommunityAffairs dal.frb.org.	For questions or comments, send e-mail to Dal.CommunityAffairs dal.frb.org.	Please share this information with colleagues who may find the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas Community Affairs publications or events useful.
rules for the organization and the latest radio script   Rick -please confirm	Here s ad campaign that I found through Olivia Davis s person in D.C. ....if this is it , not so bad.. Rick - In case Enron wants to sign on...here s the info on the Energy ads group I know of.?. The second attachment is a radio script.?. Nothing negative!?. Olivia ?. ?. Original Message. Hi all,. 1.?. I have drafted an e-mail that should come from John and should to go to the Board Members who have signed on to Energy for California.	I have drafted an e-mail that should come from John and should to go to the Board Members who have signed on to Energy for California.	This will go out with the attached information from Steve Lucas about the legal/donation rules for the organization and the latest radio script Rick -please confirm this is it.
Please review and give me your comments.	Attached is the red lined draft of the Gas management Agreement with the changes we discussed.	Attached is the red lined draft of the Gas management Agreement with the changes we discussed.	Please review and give me your comments.
Also, could you look at the stuff I ve highlighted in yellow.	my printer just froze, and I want to look at the doc to finish the reorganization.. Could you pretty please fax me the first 14 pages I have the last .	Could you pretty please fax me the first 14 pages I have the last .	Also, could you look at the stuff I ve highlighted in yellow.
Please have them correct the name  Enron	Veronica, The form of the Guaranty is okay.	Veronica, The form of the Guaranty is okay.	Please have them correct the name Enron North America Corp. in the first paragraph.
send the money collected, along with a check from Enron for the same amount,	On Friday, January 26, 2001, an earthquake rocked the western region of India.. The earthquake reportedly had a magnitude of 7.9 and was centered in the state of Gujarat.. Initial reports indicate the death toll to be at least 15,000.. Most of the damage was reported in Ahmedabad, the state s commercial center.. Enron has a significant business presence in India.. It has E P interests off the Gujarat coast and is the majority owner of the Dabhol Power project, ultimately a 2,184 MW net generating plant, serving consumers in the state of Maharashtra, which borders Gujarat to the south.. Consequently, Enron Oil and Gas India Limited EOGIL , Enron India and DPC have mobilized staff and resources in India to tangibly assist the relief effort e.g.. contributing emergency medical supplies .. Enron employees are encouraged to donate to relief efforts and to take advantage of our Matching Gift Program to double the impact of your donation.. Enron will match, dollar for dollar, every donation that you make, up to 15,000 annually per employee.. Listed below are a multitude of organizations that are offering aid to the victims of this earthquake.. To print a Matching Gift form, please click here File: http://home.enron.com/cr/ and then click on gifts, grants and giving.. Please fill out the form and send it with your check to 3AC-1409.	Please fill out the form and send it with your check to 3AC-1409.	We will send the money collected, along with a check from Enron for the same amount, to each of the organizations.
Please rewrite as you see fit.	Erin, here are a couple of responses.	Erin, here are a couple of responses.	Please rewrite as you see fit.
Plase call me with your comments,	Attached are draft documents that address entering into separate transactions for the off-peak and on-peak periods.. As you can see, these documents are similar to the draft round-the-clock MW Turndown transactions that we have been discussing.. We are proposing to paper these transactions as if the off-peak each month is executed first and then at a later date the on-peak transactions are executed when the gas and power prices allow us both to make money.. We have also included language in the transaction agreements to allow negative values in the keep whole and revenue sharing formulas to be carried forward to the end of each quarter and included as a true-up in the last payment of each quarter.. Below is a brief description of the other changes:. Off-Peak Transaction:. Different physical plant burns for weekdays or weekends holidays Baseload resale of gas back to ENA ENA s balancing capabilities in Canada will level out varying plant burns ENA s balancing charges, if any, are included in the keep whole formula No obligation to sell incremental gas supply into Empire i.e.. No Part II Hourly average of the off-peak LBMP s is used in pricing formula. On-Peak Transaction:. On-peak LBMP s is used in pricing formulas ENA obligation to sell incremental gas supply into Empire under Part II	On-peak LBMP s is used in pricing formulas ENA obligation to sell incremental gas supply into Empire under Part II	Plase call me with your comments,
please follow up with this.			please follow up with this.
Please print out.			Please print out.
Call me for an update.			Call me for an update.
confirmed this with Mark, please prepare a final blacklined draft for our	Steve:. I just spoke with Bill Bradford and I understand that Bill and Mark Tarkington discussed the use of Specified Entity and agreed, subject to DB committee approval, to eliminate the use of Specified Entity in the ENA and affiliated masters with DB i.e., Specified Entity: none .	I just spoke with Bill Bradford and I understand that Bill and Mark Tarkington discussed the use of Specified Entity and agreed, subject to DB committee approval, to eliminate the use of Specified Entity in the ENA and affiliated masters with DB i.e., Specified Entity: none .	Once you have confirmed this with Mark, please prepare a final blacklined draft for our review and then execution copies of the ISDA Master Agreement.
Please reply to this message within 48 hours to complete the registration process.	Thank you for registering for the AOL Instant Messenger SM service!. Your registration for screen name dfarmer770 has been received.. You are now one step away from being able to: Communicate instantly -- it s fast, easy, fun and free!. Create your own Buddy List r feature -- see when your friends and family are online.. Meet new friends in our chat rooms or by searching our member directory.. Follow your stocks and news headlines, exchange files and images and much, much more.	Follow your stocks and news headlines, exchange files and images and much, much more.	Please reply to this message within 48 hours to complete the registration process.
Could you email me the option agreement?			Could you email me the option agreement?
Could you please	Hi Kate,. I hope you had a Happy New Year s.. Sorry we forgot to include you on the initial email.	Sorry we forgot to include you on the initial email.	Could you please coordinate the User Acceptance Testing with your group for the various reports that were listed below?
Please respond to  kf2 andrew.cmu.edu			kf2 andrew.cmu.edu on 03/12/2001 09:15:09 AM Please respond to kf2 andrew.cmu.edu To: Kevin.Kindall enron.com cc:
I need each of you to forward me a check for  1,071.42.	that s fine, pay me in the middle or the end of March.. e.. Original Message. do you need an extention on paying me?. Original Message. Rent goes up and it is a month earlier.. The initial 8,000 payment is due to Mertz on March 1, 2002.. In addition, I paid Mertz 500 for the protien that he fed during the last hunting season.	In addition, I paid Mertz 500 for the protien that he fed during the last hunting season.	I need each of you to forward me a check for 1,071.42.
Robert, please fax a copy of the letter from Jimmie Smith and the CES tax	I have a tax bill to Columbia Energy Services in the amount of 5,606.78 for gas stored at the Bear Creek Storage facility.. The amount is 5,606.78 and it is for the the 2000 tax year.. I was notified about this yesterday and I think it was due on 12/31/2000.. How do you want to handle this?. I was going to pay it and bill New Power for the whole amount.. I will also have our tax department fax a copy to Jeff.	I will also have our tax department fax a copy to Jeff.	Robert, please fax a copy of the letter from Jimmie Smith and the CES tax bill to Jeff Porter at PHONE .
please reply to this email with your full name, phone	Something EVERY business needs, a Merchant Account!. A Merchant Account is the hardware and software which gives you the ability to allow customers to pay using any credit card such as Visa, Master Card, American Express, Discover etc., and other forms of payment such as e-Checks, Debit Cards and secure Internet based payment.. We offer several different packages, any of which can be custom tailored to your needs.. Services are currently provided to the United States only.	Services are currently provided to the United States only.	To make a purchase or ask questions regarding our services, please reply to this email with your full name, phone number with area code and if possible a good time to have us contact you.
Mark please help resolve.	There is clearly an issue here - we have been asking for this for weeks now.	There is clearly an issue here - we have been asking for this for weeks now.	Mark please help resolve.
please make that revision and resend the document?	Hi Guys,. In a conversation with GE today, they indicated that they thought it would be appropriate to insert the performance values in the text of the document, and do away with the exhibit.. Frankly, I like that approach also.	Frankly, I like that approach also.	Could you please make that revision and resend the document?
Please call at your earliest convenience.	Steve,. On Friday 7-13, Rocky Emery left UBS PaineWebber.. We wanted to advise you of the change and provide you with new contact information for your UBS PaineWebber account.	We wanted to advise you of the change and provide you with new contact information for your UBS PaineWebber account.	Please call at your earliest convenience.
Please take the time to become familiar with this system.	Lately there have been several questions concerning transmission purchases from WACM or BCHA.. In order to access these OASIS Nodes we need to log on to Trade Agent in Terminal Server.. The Trade Agent login is on the same menu as Enpower and CAPS.. Open Trade Agent and log in using the EPMI Control Room Certificate.. Trade Agent will then prompt you for the password.. Please see me for the password.. You will then be able to access the OASIS websites and schedule power across the rockies Canadian or US .. The websites can be found in Cara s emails concerning the Westpower scheduling database.	The websites can be found in Cara s emails concerning the Westpower scheduling database.	Please take the time to become familiar with this system.
Please treat this confidentially.			Please treat this confidentially.
Please call Cle at  713  221-1314 or me at  713  221-1131 with your comments.	Attached is a draft of an Assignment Agreement which attempts to assign the employees, their confidentiality agreements and the intellectual property of the Power Systems mobile power systems business to Dispersed Power.	Attached is a draft of an Assignment Agreement which attempts to assign the employees, their confidentiality agreements and the intellectual property of the Power Systems mobile power systems business to Dispersed Power.	Please call Cle at PHONE or me at PHONE with your comments.
attend, please send me an email since I will check that later on this week.	FYI.. As I m sure you ve figured out, this is VEPCO.. Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 08/14/2000 12:35 PM. Kay--in response to your request,set forth below are the names and phone numbers for the attorneys I would propose be used for the various aspects of the Edgecombe matter.. However, in my absence this week,I would appreciate it if you would coordinate any requests for assistance through Clark.. He can cover or get appropriate help to cover either anything regarding the Interconnection Agreement which is on my docket or real estate issues in which I had planned to involve Pat Dulany, who also is on vacation this week .. I ll look forward to catching up with you next Monday.	I ll look forward to catching up with you next Monday.	In the meantime, if any meetings with VEPCO get scheduled that you would like me to attend, please send me an email since I will check that later on this week.
Please respond to kelly.			Rebecca Carter Sent by: Kelly Johnson 12/07/2000 03:02 PM Please respond to kelly.
Give me a call.	done ... and not just that; I m cruising the internet, investigating the Broadmoor s professional tennis camp for the weekend of August 10, 11, 12 and booking rooms.. I asked for 4.. How s your game?. In the meanwhile I ve been trying to call you but I can t get through to Portland.. Is it raining there?	Is it raining there?	Give me a call.
Please make sure that their transfer from EES to our	The following people are joining the Research group reporting to me effective immediately.	The following people are joining the Research group reporting to me effective immediately.	Please make sure that their transfer from EES to our group is reflected in the support systems.
have a car, but would you please set up someone on your staff to meet me at	Joe,. Thanks for the response.. As you heard from Cathy, I got a stomach virus and all 4 of us in the family spent Saturday night throwing up.. I am writing this from my bed and I am improving.. I should be able to get on the plane tomorrow and am about to eat lunch 1st meal since Sat.. but I think it will be fine .. I m definitely in recovery mode.. I am having everything messengered out to my house later this afternoon but am concerned about contacts and getting to the hotel.. I know you have said that it is easy to take the train and the bus but I am concerned about it, especially if i am still a little under the weather.	I know you have said that it is easy to take the train and the bus but I am concerned about it, especially if i am still a little under the weather.	I still don t want to have a car, but would you please set up someone on your staff to meet me at the gate and escort me through the process.
To sign up for the April 18 date, please respond to this e-mail as soon as	Dear SVMG Member -. Last Friday at 1pm, we sent out an e-mail to you announcing a second opportunity to participate in our Negotiating Skills Workshop, scheduled for April 17, 2002.. By the close of business last Friday, the April 17 Workshop is also sold out!. That is the bad news.. The GOOD NEWS is that the instructor - Joe Crowley - and our host, Compaq thanks Shawna Holmes!. have graciously agreed to offer a second day - April 18 - for an additional class.. As you know, we first offered this Workshop a few weeks ago, to a sold out group, and it was overwhelmingly popular.. Therefore, we are pleased to announce a third opportunity to participate in the NEGOTIATING SKILLS WORKSHOP.. Once again, it is open to the first 20 RSVP s that we receive.. Details for this additional class are as follows:. DATE: April 18, 2002 TIME: 8am until 5pm PLACE: Compaq Computer COST: 250 covers the instruction, workbook, continental breakfast and light lunch.	DATE: April 18, 2002 TIME: 8am until 5pm PLACE: Compaq Computer COST: 250 covers the instruction, workbook, continental breakfast and light lunch.	To sign up for the April 18 date, please respond to this e-mail as soon as possible.
If it was a mistake to send this message to you, please forward to the	I will let you know when I hear something regarding these type of contracts.. Forwarded by Connie Sutton/HOU/ECT on 06/13/2000 05:38 PM. Bridgette Anderson ENRON. Bridgette -. By copy of this message, I have asked Sandeep Katwala acting general counsel for Enron India to help locate these contracts for you.. Let me know if you need anything else.. Thanks.. Bridgette Anderson ENRON. Gentlemen,. I was told that both of you worked on the Dabhol project, so I am hoping that you can assist me.. As the message below states, I am trying to find contracts that are related to this project.. Please see below for details.	Please see below for details.	If it was a mistake to send this message to you, please forward to the correct individual.
Please review and share your	Sara,. Procter Gamble has proposed that we start negotiating using their ISDA schedule.. Enclosed is a note that addresses a few critical issues from my business counterpart and a draft schedule.. P G is the largest buyer of pulp and containerboard in North America - two key commodities for our business.. Executing a Master with them is very important.. If at all possible, I would like to accomodate their requests to negotiate from their schedule.. However, as you know, I am not a lawyer.	However, as you know, I am not a lawyer.	Please review and share your thoughts with me.
please proceed with the loading process.	Brent-. I have spoken with Susan Musch and Baker McKenzie regarding the tax provisions of the documentation.. As there is the possibility, though unlikely, that a non-Japanese counterparty will be permitted to trade Japanese weather, such possibility has been addressed in the tax provisions.. Attached are the modified versions.. I also spoke with John Suttle today and he informed me that he was content with the provisions relating to credit.. Do you believe any further changes would be required in the GTCs, if the transactions are entered into with a non-Japanese counterparty?	Do you believe any further changes would be required in the GTCs, if the transactions are entered into with a non-Japanese counterparty?	If not, please proceed with the loading process.
Please call   I can give you Sally s available time if she needs to attend.	TJ,. Sorry, please disregard last email - I did not see this follow-up notice.. Unfortunately, Sally is not available on Thursday either - she will be at the Enron Management conference in San Antonio Thursday Friday.. All Enron VP s are invited Cassandra Kevin?. .	.	Please call I can give you Sally s available time if she needs to attend.
Dan, please review the attached documents and provide your comments.			Dan, please review the attached documents and provide your comments.
Can you get EEI and cover sheet and riders to Carol			Can you get EEI and cover sheet and riders to Carol thanks es
Please contact Barry directly to initiate the program.	Lisa, Barry Proud at ETOL in England is interested in setting-up a P-Card program at his facility.	Lisa, Barry Proud at ETOL in England is interested in setting-up a P-Card program at his facility.	Please contact Barry directly to initiate the program.
Check out the latest ideas in the Idea Vault	Thursday, Feb. 22 at 10:00 am Houston time, join Charlene Jackson, managing director of the Associate/Analyst program, on eSpeak.. Charlene will host an open-mike event to answer your questions about this program.. If you can t make it to eSpeak for the live event, be sure to pre-submit your question s on the eSpeak site, and then read the transcript later for the answers.. Note: Please, please, please do not e-mail your questions to the eThink mailbox.. They must be submitted in the appropriate eSpeak event, or they won t get answered.. The hits just keep on coming!	The hits just keep on coming!	Check out the latest ideas in the Idea Vault -- who knows, maybe one of them will make it into the Enron Xcelerator!
Please save all work.	In 15 minutes we will be cutting over to the DS3 link to Houston so more than likely you will lose your Terminal Server sessions.	In 15 minutes we will be cutting over to the DS3 link to Houston so more than likely you will lose your Terminal Server sessions.	Please save all work.
Please notify us	May 2 it is.. This e-mail is confidential and may well also be legally privileged.. If you have received it in error, you are on notice of its status.	If you have received it in error, you are on notice of its status.	Please notify us immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message from your system.
As you request reimbursement for personal mileage, please use the rate of 36.5 cents per mile.	Effective January 1, 2002, the standard mileage rate has increased to 36.5 cents per mile.	Effective January 1, 2002, the standard mileage rate has increased to 36.5 cents per mile.	As you request reimbursement for personal mileage, please use the rate of 36.5 cents per mile.
Please review the attached deal for credit approval.			Please review the attached deal for credit approval.
Please review the list below of these commercial employees that report up to	Rob,. John is currently evaluating the current HR list for Commercial Managers, Directors and VP s that are eligible for bonus.	John is currently evaluating the current HR list for Commercial Managers, Directors and VP s that are eligible for bonus.	Please review the list below of these commercial employees that report up to you, directly or indirectly, and let him know if you see any discrepancies.
If you can; t get all signatures immediately, send	Susan,. Here are all of our authorization memos.. Please complete the AuthNewCorp memo and send it directly to Lillian Bailey at EB4804B -- she will send copies to the rest of us.	Please complete the AuthNewCorp memo and send it directly to Lillian Bailey at EB4804B -- she will send copies to the rest of us.	If you can; t get all signatures immediately, send a draft to Lil so she can get started.
Please clarify -  I think you were a few million off on the Upstream Plan	Guys, as per our discussion, I am assuming that the upstream group will provide gross margin not including trading of 30.7M net of the HPL compressor writedown of 3.0M.. Regards Delainey. Wes,	Wes,	Please clarify - I think you were a few million off on the Upstream Plan .
Can you pass this on to the next person...thanks!			Can you pass this on to the next person...thanks!
Per Steve Kirk and Drew Fossum please add the following in the  Other			Per Steve Kirk and Drew Fossum please add the following in the Other section of the TFX Agreement:
Per our conversation on January 2, please assign 3735/dth of available	Michelle,	Michelle,	Per our conversation on January 2, please assign 3735/dth of available West Texas Pool receipts for contract 27641 during the four months beginning November, 2002 and ending February, 2003.
Please add Shelley Corman in GPG  to distribution lists on all California			Please add Shelley Corman in GPG to distribution lists on all California issues related to crisis.
Could you please send me	1400 Smith, Room 3882A Houston, Tx 77002. Good afternoon.. I am Wilson Montjoy s secretary.	I am Wilson Montjoy s secretary.	Could you please send me your mailing address for our files?
Dan - Could you please help me fix the definition of  Green Requirement .	Enclosed is a revised Term Sheet, one copy of which has been marked to show changes from Fred s last draft.. The Term Sheet is intended to be in no way binding; references to the proposal being held open have been deleted.. Also, I have not attempted to include any reference to SD Warren having the right to receive the financial benefits if EPMI resells the Power not used by SD Warren to NEPOOL at a price higher than the Contract Price CFTC concerns .	Also, I have not attempted to include any reference to SD Warren having the right to receive the financial benefits if EPMI resells the Power not used by SD Warren to NEPOOL at a price higher than the Contract Price CFTC concerns .	Dan - Could you please help me fix the definition of Green Requirement .
Please call or email me to discuss.	This is a Llodra deal to be closed by 12/31, which he sent to me and to Shari I think she s travelling today?. .. It s supposed to be a physical exchange of the capacity and output among several NEPOOL nukes in which we and Select own various entitlements Seabrook, Pilgrim, Millstone 2 and 3 .. I gather it s at par , since there s no real pricing or changing hands unless a party defaults.. We seem to have a unilateral sale and unilateral purchase agrement w/ Select -- David s counterparty -- don t know whether that will cause risk problems.. Who should work on this?. Regards, Janice. EB3861 Assistant General Counsel, Enron North America Corp PHONE Fax: PHONE . All:. Attached is a first draft of a term sheet covering a nuclear diversity swap between us and Select Energy.. Dana/Paul -- please give me your thoughts on this, particularly as relates to the 15-day outage trigger that would put this agreement on hold until any unit that is experiencing an ouage 15 Business Days returns to service.. From a risk mitigation standpoint, I think we are well off in that we are diversifying one unit with two replacement units actually three since I am proposing Mill 2 for Jan-Mar and then Mill 3 for balance of the year .. Ed/Tracy -- what credit issues if any do you see, keeping in mind that the contemplated nuke exchanges would be on a unit contingent basis.. Janice/Shari -- any legal comments or issues?	Janice/Shari -- any legal comments or issues?	Please call or email me to discuss.
Could you give me a call	Tricia,. I want to exercise some Enron stock options but don t know who I should call.. Do you have a name and/or phone number of someone?. I also don t know what information I need to have in order to exercise.	I also don t know what information I need to have in order to exercise.	Could you give me a call x6910 and help me out.
Also please lay out a schematic of the  hardware configuration between Enron, Louisiana and AEP s offices for this solution.	Russell, Thanks for the update.. Can you provide a rough quote/schedule to kit out the Louisiana space for 130 people - please contact Lillian Carroll to get an exact count.. We don t need recorded phones.	We don t need recorded phones.	Also please lay out a schematic of the hardware configuration between Enron, Louisiana and AEP s offices for this solution.
please get with Chris in order to update the attached Florida overview for	jared,	jared,	please get with Chris in order to update the attached Florida overview for Lavo.
Janet - please fax to CA for Brad s signature.	As soon as you send modifications to Enfolio, we will forward all documents to Janet so that she may initial tonight.. WE do need your Houston address.. My phone is on the blink so call me at Gerald s number for the remainder of today PHONE .	My phone is on the blink so call me at Gerald s number for the remainder of today PHONE .	Janet - please fax to CA for Brad s signature.
PLEASE bring me a caffeine free diet coke?	Do you want to come to my office for the call?	Do you want to come to my office for the call?	If so, could you PLEASE PLEASE bring me a caffeine free diet coke?
4.  Please make sure that all real-time deals or real-time extended deals are getting routed.			Dear Traders,
Jean, per our conversation today, please add Netscape to the following users			Jean, per our conversation today, please add Netscape to the following users PC s. The application is required to run the Deal Analysis program recently completed by Dave Foti.
please take me off	why not bitch?. I m not going to make it to paintball on saturday.. sorry.	sorry.	please take me off the list.
Otherwise, call me.	I m so sorry it s taken me this long to get back to you.. It s been truly chaotic around here with the California situation, and the lawyers are obviously preoccupied, so Christian hasn t gotten back to me yet.. I finally went back to Chris Mallory, and we determined that the language in this confirm is fine as long as it matches the confirm language for the original deal - 459996.. This was the sale to Constellation at index 1, but now that we re trying to clear all our positions with the California Power Exchange, we had to buy it back at index 3.. Does that make any sense, or am I just rambling?. It s been a long day.. Check the confirm for 459996, and make sure 485446 matches up.	Check the confirm for 459996, and make sure 485446 matches up.	Otherwise, call me.
Yes, please delete.			Yes, please delete.
pls circulate to the group.			pls circulate to the group.
please put Oct 20,2000 and Dec 29, 2000 on the schedule as vacation days			please put Oct 20,2000 and Dec 29, 2000 on the schedule as vacation days
Please, take a look at this resume.	FYI,	FYI,	Please, take a look at this resume.
Prior to negotiating anything on behalf of enovate, please make sure that we	Stacy,	Stacy,	Prior to negotiating anything on behalf of enovate, please make sure that we coordinate with PEC legal the 50/50 partner in enovate.
Please get the fill from arnold for gas,	FYI,. I bot 30 lots/month of propane from Adam May-Sept at 51 cents, also I bot 30/month May -Sept Nat gas from Arnold, and a couple of contracts/mo of socal basis to close the position out.	I bot 30 lots/month of propane from Adam May-Sept at 51 cents, also I bot 30/month May -Sept Nat gas from Arnold, and a couple of contracts/mo of socal basis to close the position out.	Please get the fill from arnold for gas, and make sure it shows up in my position report.
Table of Contents for II.h.  Would you please send me a copy of:			-Origin: NEMEC-G X-FileName: gnemec.nsf
California,  please remove me from your e-mail and any other  lists from here			If this is who Governor Davis DGA and NDN chooses to support despite the fact that his lack of leadership has imposed incalcuble pain and costs on California, please remove me from your e-mail and any other lists from here forward.
agree, can you please forward a draft to me.	Gerald, I think we need to again followup the January nominations with the appropriate letter to Wildhorse about the nominations to NWPL.	Gerald, I think we need to again followup the January nominations with the appropriate letter to Wildhorse about the nominations to NWPL.	If you agree, can you please forward a draft to me.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Karen Miller 1631 Kirby Way Nipomo, CA 93444 karen55 earthlink.net. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Can you help me with this as we are trying to finalize the ISDA this week?			Paul: Can you help me with this as we are trying to finalize the ISDA this week?
Please prepare a draft ISDA pursuant to the attached worksheet.			Please prepare a draft ISDA pursuant to the attached worksheet.
Please mention Your Priority Code of PB073EMB.	Dear Drew Fossum,. I know what you are thinking another junk email to add to your trash bin.. But WAIT, before you click delete, I would like to urge you to read this email or look at the attached brochure.. This email contains valuable information about CBI s Latin American Oil Gas Event.. Register by November 22 and Save 300.	Register by November 22 and Save 300.	Please mention Your Priority Code of PB073EMB.
Please contact Jason Peters at  713 853-9720  with your	Sorry - Here are the attachments.. Susan D. Flynn Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB3806 Houston, Texas 77002 Phone: PHONE Fax: PHONE . Pursuant to your telecon with Jason Peters, attached are clean and redlined versions of the Schedule and Credit Support Annex to the referenced agreement.	Pursuant to your telecon with Jason Peters, attached are clean and redlined versions of the Schedule and Credit Support Annex to the referenced agreement.	Please contact Jason Peters at PHONE with your questions and comments.
Please print, place in folder  surprise, not a binder!  labeled CRRA Fuel			Please print, place in folder surprise, not a binder!
1.  In path confirmation workspace-please check all cut paths as  confirmed   this will allow us to sort for cut or  confirmed  paths later -and enter notes in the comment section regarding the cut.			Group-
Please respond to feedbackDear Peter,			Please respond to feedbackDear Peter, Alaska cruises for 549.
Please R.S.V.P. no later than Friday, July 14 to confirm your attendance an			kay please schedule
mike swerzbin, and can you give me the deal number that you are killing,			mike swerzbin, and can you give me the deal number that you are killing, unless you have already told sharon or amy, so that we make sure we have not already sent a confirm.
Please print and put in binder.			Please print and put in binder.
Please remove Greg Whalley from this distribution list.	John,	John,	Please remove Greg Whalley from this distribution list.
Can you please forward a copy?	Marcus:. DTE Energy Trading has told us that they have executed emissions confirms with ENA.. I am trying to review the GTCs that are sent out when these transactions are done.	I am trying to review the GTCs that are sent out when these transactions are done.	Can you please forward a copy?
Can  you please ask where that rate comes from?	Steph, Luis valles from Cementos Chihuahua tells me thatit is the El Paso Maximum Interruptible rate that Pemex discloses in their final price....Does that make sense ?. I have am eeting in Chihuahua, next tuesday with a group of industrials that want us to supply gas in Chihuahua..The idea is to present Enron, to talk about all this issues and get information from them regarding their consumptions... Could John come with me to the meting ?. That would be tremendously helpful..... Thanks for the information - we now understand how their deal is priced.. The only rate I am unable to verify is the max int.. Permian - Hueco rate of .15819.. The El Paso tariff shows .1936, exclusive of surcharges GRI and ACA .	The El Paso tariff shows .1936, exclusive of surcharges GRI and ACA .	Can you please ask where that rate comes from?
With respect to Dynegy Canada Inc., we do have a signed ISDA Master Agreement with them; however, can you please obtain a copy from Stephanie Panus?	Attached is a copy of the Master Firm Gas P/S Agreement with ConAgra Energy Services, Inc.. I will fax the execution page to you.. We have no other agreements with this counterparty.	We have no other agreements with this counterparty.	With respect to Dynegy Canada Inc., we do have a signed ISDA Master Agreement with them; however, can you please obtain a copy from Stephanie Panus?
please create a separate line item for each capex for this year.	Attached is the latest 2001 New Albany budget.. CAPEX projects have been broken out and are on a separate sheet in the attached work book.	CAPEX projects have been broken out and are on a separate sheet in the attached work book.	Theresa, please create a separate line item for each capex for this year.
Please call me when you have a minute.	Wilson,	Wilson,	Please call me when you have a minute.
Please forwad an bill to me at	Ron. Thanks for your help with my house purchase.	Thanks for your help with my house purchase.	Please forwad an bill to me at Enron location eb3324 .
Jeff:  Would you please take a look to see if anything is of interest?			Jeff: Would you please take a look to see if anything is of interest?
could send me your conference checklist I would appreciate it, so that I can	Dear Vince,. As the above event is drawing closer, I thought I would write a quick email to finalise a few things with you.. I understand that you would like a guest to attend, please can you let me know their name and job title.	I understand that you would like a guest to attend, please can you let me know their name and job title.	Also, if you could send me your conference checklist I would appreciate it, so that I can finalise details with my audio visual company.
Starting today, please implement the	The purpose of this message is to update employees on the status of the California Attorney General s order regarding the preservation of business information.. Please NOTE THE IMPORTANT POLICIES DESCRIBED BELOW.. We have negotiated procedures with the California Attorney General s office allowing each of you to manage your email and hard drive capacity while still preserving business information.	We have negotiated procedures with the California Attorney General s office allowing each of you to manage your email and hard drive capacity while still preserving business information.	Starting today, please implement the following business information retention policies:
Can you send it to me?	Jeff,. We are also usually sent a page from some tax book that show the rate of withholding for each of the treaty countries.. Their rate of withholding will impact which form we may or may not need.	Their rate of withholding will impact which form we may or may not need.	Can you send it to me?
Please reference the order tracking number.	Dear Mr. LARRY CAMPBELL:. Thank you for your order.. You bought 100 shares of CIEN Ciena Corp Com at 97.000000.. ORDER DETAILS: The tracking number for this order is: B-300-AAZC-4408 Order entered at: 10:03:11 on 11/20/00 Order processing began at: 10:03:11 Order executed at: 10:03:30 on 11/20/00. You will receive a printed Datek Online confirmation by postal mail, or by electronic delivery if you are subscribed to that service.. Questions regarding this transaction?. Contact our Customer Support department by e-mailing support datek.com.	Contact our Customer Support department by e-mailing support datek.com.	Please reference the order tracking number.
Can you check with Racicot and	Martin,. All other things equal, I would prefer March 2nd as the following Friday is the beginning of spring break for HISD.	All other things equal, I would prefer March 2nd as the following Friday is the beginning of spring break for HISD.	Can you check with Racicot and Fallon?
limited e-mail capability, please follow up on any changes with a call to my	Bill -. I ve attached two documents below.. The first SWPC-Enron-Agreement summarizes my understanding of our verbal agreement.. Please review and let me know of any changes you recommend.	Please review and let me know of any changes you recommend.	Since I will be in Orlando with limited e-mail capability, please follow up on any changes with a call to my mobile number PHONE .
Please login to iPayit and resolve this invoice as soon as possible.	Original Message. Alert!. You are receiving this message because you have an unresolved invoice in your iPayit in-box that is past due.. It is critical that you login to iPayit and take immediate action to resolve this invoice.. Remember, you play an important role in ensuring that we pay our vendors on time.. Tip!. : You must login to the system to forward this invoice to another user.. You are receiving this message because you have an unresolved invoice in your iPayit in-box that is past due.	You are receiving this message because you have an unresolved invoice in your iPayit in-box that is past due.	Please login to iPayit and resolve this invoice as soon as possible.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Roselyn Schmitt 9321 Crestview Drive Saint Joseph, MN 56374 rschmitt csbsju.edu. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please indicate the ratings for each of your non-exempt employees below and	Sue --. Earlier this week, you received an email from the PEP team which included the Performance Evaluations of your employees, both Exempt and Non-Exempt.. Please remember that the final Performance Evaluations should be completed with your employees, forms signed and returned to me at EB1665B no later than Friday, August 17th.. I will be preparing a report for your use noting the final ratings of your Exempt employees from the PRC meetings and distribute that within the next week.. For your Non-Exempt employees, I have listed below all eligible employees for whom you should complete a Performance Evaluation.. However, I need the rating for each employee so it may be input into the PEP system.. The descriptions for Non-Exempt ratings are defined as:. 1 - Consistently performs above expectations 2 - Meets expectations 3 - Does not meet expectations	1 - Consistently performs above expectations 2 - Meets expectations 3 - Does not meet expectations	Please indicate the ratings for each of your non-exempt employees below and return to me no later than Wednesday, July 11, 2001.
Can you please add to the m: drive a first tier directory of common.	Roberto,	Roberto,	Can you please add to the m: drive a first tier directory of common.
it has a contract with ENA please forward a copy to me.	I cannot find an agreement between ENA and AK in our system.	I cannot find an agreement between ENA and AK in our system.	If AK belives it has a contract with ENA please forward a copy to me.
Please work with Paul and Dan on the document.	Rajesh,. fyi.	fyi.	Please work with Paul and Dan on the document.
Please set up the following with the ability to setup and manage products in	Jeff/Brenda,. Please authorize and forward to Tara Sweitzer.	Please authorize and forward to Tara Sweitzer.	Please set up the following with the ability to setup and manage products in stack manager:
Please sign me up.	Shawn,	Shawn,	Please sign me up.
Please welcome Stewart to the EBS team.	Hi Stinson Vince this is the person that Kevin Howard told me about--Kevin did the finacing portion of the deals mentioned blow and Stewart was the commercial counterpart.. He will be heading up Hamachi towards its closure this week.. Ravi.. Forwarded by Ravi Thuraisingham/Enron Communications on 03/13/00 02:20 PM. We are pleased to announce that Stewart Seeligson has joined EBS relocating after more than 4 years from Enron Europe in London.. Stewart started with Enron nearly six years ago as an associate in ECT in Houston.. In Europe, Stewart was successful in playing a key role in Sutton Bridge, originating a number of highly structured transactions including the Eastern deals and more recently co-led Enron s commercial activities in Spain especially the development of a 1200 MW CCGT which is expected to begin construction later this year.. Stewart will assist in developing, managing and leading several of our more complicated mission critical commercial transactions.. In particular, Stewart will focus on those transactions which require multiple functions across EBS, a role Stewart excelled in at Enron Europe.. Stewart will report directly to Ken Rice as a Vice President, but will work directly with each of the commercial business unit leaders on a project specific basis.	Stewart will report directly to Ken Rice as a Vice President, but will work directly with each of the commercial business unit leaders on a project specific basis.	Please welcome Stewart to the EBS team.
Please take some time to review the material and contact me to discuss the service or to sign up for an online trial of EES.	Dear PIRA Retainer Client:. European electricity markets are experiencing an unprecedented surge in trading volumes and will be entering new phases of integration and liberalization in the years to come.. As barriers to trade rapidly erode among countries, and regional markets emerge, we are witnessing all forms of change in pricing basis, and new areas of power trade are constantly evolving.. With these changes in mind, PIRA Energy Group announces the launching of its new European Electricity Service EES http://www.pira.com/ClientServices/EES.htm , an Internet-based Retainer Service that complements PIRA s existing market coverage of European and North American natural gas, North American power, and global oil.. EES provides clients with a robust data base, including detailed information for over 4,000 power plants, as well as market insights into the developments of power generation, demand, cross-border trading, and prices.. PIRA s reputation for grasping market fundamentals is unrivaled, and EES continues in that tradition by helping clients to analyze how to capture value in the rapidly changing European electricity market.. Clients of EES will benefit from:. 1.. Analysis of major and subtle shifts in market trends, which will impact supply availability, power demand, cross-border trading, and price direction;. 2.. Opportunities to dig deeply into the rich EES database and reveal key issues influencing both short- and long-term market fundamentals;. 3.. Integration of PIRA s unparalleled reputation for gas and oil forecasting in addressing interfuel competition and arbitrage opportunities in the European market.. The attached prospectus provides more information about EES or you can go to our website at http://www.pira.com/ClientServices/EES.htm.	The attached prospectus provides more information about EES or you can go to our website at http://www.pira.com/ClientServices/EES.htm.	Please take some time to review the material and contact me to discuss the service or to sign up for an online trial of EES.
Please respond to MSueWard worldnet.att.net			Jerry Ward MSueWard worldnet.att.net on 05/30/2000 03:29:43 PM Please respond to MSueWard worldnet.att.net To: Ann Sutton ACSutton2 aol.com , Karen Blinckmann KarenB midsouth.rr.com , Kim Ward Kim.Ward enron.com , Linda N. Elam LNWard SWBell.net , joan rutland jsr1117 itiaccess.com cc: Subject: Fwd: FW: You took my place
Please review this information and	guess it helps to attach the file.. PL. Attached is a file we put together with the daily figures on them for Central 1 Central 2.. The total page should tie to what I gave you last week.. I highlighted the five days on each month the highest absolute value change.. I then attached those days P L top sheets.	I then attached those days P L top sheets.	Please review this information and let us know what type of detailed support you will need.
jessica, can you check on getting us set up for every second monday.			jessica, can you check on getting us set up for every second monday.
So take a few minutes to check your pulse and tell us what you think and how	Once again, it s time to find out what you think about your work experience at Enron and what can be done to make it better.. That s why Enron wants to check your pulse.. In fact, we ve changed the name of last year s Excellence Through Communication employee survey to The Pulse.. This new name more accurately captures the purpose of the survey.. Your diagnosis helps us correct problem areas so we can continue to make Enron a great place to work.. Starting Monday, October 16, you will be asked to provide input into Enron and your work environment.. We would like to have 100 participation across Enron, because the only way to make things better is to know where we need to make improvements.. Will be available: Monday, October 16 - Friday, Oct. 27 Will be located at: survey.enron.com. There are a few things you should remember about The Pulse:. 1.. Your survey responses will be confidential.. You can complete your survey at your desk via the intranet at survey.enron.com.. If you prefer, special computer kiosks will be available in some of our larger offices and group computer terminals will be available in smaller field offices.. We want to provide you with the most comfortable environment possible, as your participation is of vital importance to Enron.. 2.. We will respond actively to your comments.. We are going to do our best to cure some of the current problems that exist and put into action preventative processes that will help identify smaller problems before they become major ones.. We may ask for your help in resolving some of the issues that are collected in the survey -- your active role will help us identify the best solutions.. In last year s survey, employees identified several problem areas regarding internal communications and we ve already acted on many of your recommendations.. These are a few of the things we ve accomplished or are working on in direct response to your input:. Educational/informational meetings, like Brown Bag Lunches and Executive Floor Meetings Flex schedules Improved PRC process Various employee newsletters, like Enside and eBiz	Educational/informational meetings, like Brown Bag Lunches and Executive Floor Meetings Flex schedules Improved PRC process Various employee newsletters, like Enside and eBiz	So take a few minutes to check your pulse and tell us what you think and how you feel about your job and about Enron.
Please donate this	Susan Levine San Diego, 92103 slevine pobox.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
My Location is EB3212c - can you send it to me.			My Location is EB3212c - can you send it to me.
just send me you address again and i	i owe you some money huh.. i forgot.	i forgot.	just send me you address again and i will mail the check tomorrow.
to those you think might be interested or provide me with names and I will give them the details.	The AA program is in need of interviewers for this weekend.. They could use your assistance in encouraging Managers and above from Net Works to participate.. They are short about 35 interviewers.. Please forward this info.	Please forward this info.	to those you think might be interested or provide me with names and I will give them the details.
Can you please forward	Michelle/Sharon,. We would like to get the Legal Department s approval for the letters below before we load these into Personic.. Our users will be sending these letters to prospective and/or non-prospective candidates.. Please let me know.. Thank you in advance, Nicole Pineda Personic Production Support PHONE . Here are the letters that need to get approval for Personics on behalf of the Associate and Analsyt program.. I am still looking over the last letter.. Once I have it done I will forward it to you also.	Once I have it done I will forward it to you also.	Can you please forward these to the necessary persons for approval.
1.Please fill in the positions associated with each risk bucket for natural	Attached is a scenario that Phillip created and we were hoping to review with you at last week s and today s meeting.. We are aware of how hectic things are right now at Enron, so we completely understand you having to cancel our meetings.. However, if you could please review the attached scenario and return it to us with your comments as soon as possible, it would be greatly appreciated.. For your review:	For your review:	1.Please fill in the positions associated with each risk bucket for natural and initial positions for gas and aluminum as well as the positions created by buying or selling each instrument 2.If aluminum has different risk buckets than natural gas, please add them along with the associated positions for natural, initial, and those created by the instruments 3.Is the wording of the instrument names correct and how do we denote that they are for aluminum rather than natural gas?
Can you send an ISDA contract to:			Can you send an ISDA contract to:
5. For notice purposes to ENA please add the following:			-Origin: JONES-T X-FileName: tjones.nsf
Please use the distribution on the attached email for the meeting notice.	Pat,	Pat,	Please use the distribution on the attached email for the meeting notice.
Please, send him the location info and conform the time  2:00 p.m. .	Christie,. John Henderson committed in principle to speaking to the Tigers.	John Henderson committed in principle to speaking to the Tigers.	Please, send him the location info and conform the time 2:00 p.m. .
Could you please give me a number to call into and a time?	Andy: I would like to participate by phone in Monday s meeting.	Andy: I would like to participate by phone in Monday s meeting.	Could you please give me a number to call into and a time?
Please explain, confirms are sent out by the confirm desk.			Please explain, confirms are sent out by the confirm desk.
Please respond to rob.	These things are usually a waste of time and money.	These things are usually a waste of time and money.	Rob Kean rob.kean worldnet.att.net 01/13/2001 11:24 AM Please respond to rob.
One change required to the Rev 5 document.	Lee johnson just called to see when he can sign the agreement.. I told him I would ask you guys.. Kay. Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 04/27/2001 03:13 PM. Kay/Bill,. Bill says he agrees and accepts our comments to the A A.	Bill says he agrees and accepts our comments to the A A.	One change required to the Rev 5 document.
Check out the title of the exhibit.			Check out the title of the exhibit.
Please provide your comments and I ll make sure they get included correctly.	Greg and Jeff,. Attached is the draft announcement for the organization changes.. I am sure you will want to change the ENW piece, so far the focus was on the wording from the wholesale side but the titles should be correct for ENW.	I am sure you will want to change the ENW piece, so far the focus was on the wording from the wholesale side but the titles should be correct for ENW.	Please provide your comments and I ll make sure they get included correctly.
Please, keep the copies of all the receipts.	Vince,. Please, give me a call when you land on my regular and cell phone.. I shall proceed to the restaurant about 10 minutes from the office .	I shall proceed to the restaurant about 10 minutes from the office .	Please, keep the copies of all the receipts.
Please look  this over and let me know what you think.			Please look this over and let me know what you think.
Could you get me a copy please?	I m going over the Park Loan discounts on CNG for May.. I need to see the invoice to compare what we were billed to what CNG is showing on the discount letter.. Gloria, Terry does not have the invoice.	Gloria, Terry does not have the invoice.	Could you get me a copy please?
please remind Dick and me of this meeting.			please remind Dick and me of this meeting.
Please ensure that I have done this as expected and offer your approval, then			Please ensure that I have done this as expected and offer your approval, then I ll send for loading.
Please add me  John Buchanan  and Darrell Schoolcraft to the TW distribution list for UAF meetings.	Kenneth, Terry Kowalke will need to be added to the distribution list for NNG UAF meetings due to my transition to TW.	Kenneth, Terry Kowalke will need to be added to the distribution list for NNG UAF meetings due to my transition to TW.	Please add me John Buchanan and Darrell Schoolcraft to the TW distribution list for UAF meetings.
database, can you please confirm if they are allowed to access this database,	Tana,	Tana,	I have had a request from Michael Khajeh-Noori, Deepak Sitlani London and Michael Schuh Frankfurt to access to the NEW Master Swap Agreements database, can you please confirm if they are allowed to access this database, and if so what level of access they should have.
Per our conversation this morning, please revise the name change documents to			Per our conversation this morning, please revise the name change documents to reflect enovate with a lower case e rather than Enovate.
Also, please check your invoices.	Darrell,. I am sending you 2 technical notes on Enron default swaps: I hope that they will be useful.. I shall read the articles on weekend.. I am curious if you find these explanations satisfactory.. We are very slow in preparing a number of technical documents for you for model reviews.. We still hope you will be able to find some time to review our credit models for our London credit trading and VaR and option pricing related models.	We still hope you will be able to find some time to review our credit models for our London credit trading and VaR and option pricing related models.	Also, please check your invoices.
received this message in error, please forward this	Dear RealMoney.com Subscribers,. It s hysterically funny what people are demanding of my personal account.. People want it updated immediately and they want the ideas ahead of when I actually buy I am doing that .. In fact I am letting our readers front-run me on everything!. I reveal what I am about to recommend and I recommend before I buy.. That s the total antidote to the way Wall Street works.. They want to know how much money I am putting into each stock.. Done.. They want the dates that I did it.. Harder because I buy in small increments.. They want my stop-loss limits if I could stop-loss out.. I can t do that because of my holding period, but I will do it anyway and just not sell.. They want better performance and they want it yesterday or at least when I started this game, and the market was much higher.. Hey, I am listening!. Exclusively on RealMoney.com, you now have access to my own Personal Portfolio, which is made up of my picks, shares owned, basis, current value and gains that he buys and sells on a day-to-day basis.. As of Friday, the portfolio market value is 1,247,537 making me a profit of 124,650.03.. Don 01,t miss a move, click here to see what I am up to: http://www.thestreet.com/p/rmoney/wrong/ PHONE .html. If your account has expired, please click here to re-subscribe to RealMoney.com: http://www.thestreet.com/z/Sub Center/subcenter.jhtml. Sincerely,. Jim Cramer Chief Markets Commentator TheStreet.com. This email has been sent to you by TheStreet.com because you are a current or former subscriber either free-trial or paid to one of our web sites, www.thestreet.com or www.realmoney.com.	This email has been sent to you by TheStreet.com because you are a current or former subscriber either free-trial or paid to one of our web sites, www.thestreet.com or www.realmoney.com.	If you are not a current or former subscriber, and you believe you received this message in error, please forward this message to members realmoney.com, or call our customer service department at PHONE .
Please get with her ondetails.	price on the 7th was 9.55 I don t understand the trigger question.. We need to get the back-up on the penalty.. Patti needs to give you info regarding a penalty we wanto tocharge them for February.	Patti needs to give you info regarding a penalty we wanto tocharge them for February.	Please get with her ondetails.
Please resend with descriptors.	I am a bit confused I thought we had agreed to the following last week.. Expand to show approver and only include those things which have been approved.. Issues:. Why are there so many repeat lines, each request is issuing 3 times in some cases.. Will this mean we order three by accident?. I have no idea what has been ordered - last week I could see this time its all in code.	I have no idea what has been ordered - last week I could see this time its all in code.	Please resend with descriptors.
please could you give myself or John a	John Arnold has a few qquestions about the updates that were/are being made to stack manager.. I could not remember from our conversation a few days ago if the changes were implemented yet.	I could not remember from our conversation a few days ago if the changes were implemented yet.	please could you give myself or John a call sometime this morning
Please call or e-mail with your comments.	Mark,. Per my voice mail, I would be very grateful if you or someone in your department could give this confirmation letter a quick review before lunch.. The intent of the deal is that we will pay Deseret a fixed price in exchange for a floating price based on the DJ-PV index.. However, if Deseret s plant goes down, then both parties will suspend payments the day following the unit outage, and resume payments once the unit comes back online.. If the index turns out to be greater than our fixed payment, we will pay Deseret 50 of the delta between the index and the fixed price.	If the index turns out to be greater than our fixed payment, we will pay Deseret 50 of the delta between the index and the fixed price.	Please call or e-mail with your comments.
please correct date.			please correct date.
intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us	Here is S C s first draft.. Forwarded by Mark Taylor/HOU/ECT on 02/14/2000 11:38 AM. Attached is a draft of the Auction Procedures we discussed.. Because I don t know how the auction page will be configured, it is likely that conforming changes will be necessary.. Also, I have left the references to Enron in brackets; I am not sure if a specific entity will be referenced or if all entities will be defined collectively as Enron .. Please call or e-mail with any questions or comments.. Best regards.. This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential.	This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential.	If you are not the intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us immediately.
Could you please run the spread option model with 50  and 60	Carl and Brad,. Ben and I had a meeting with Don Black on Retail Short this morning.. We think the project is moving well.. We finished the first cut of model and are preparing some sensitivity analyses.. One of them which Don wants to see is correlation sensitivity.. Don want to have 50 , 60 , and 70 correlation scenario.	Don want to have 50 , 60 , and 70 correlation scenario.	Could you please run the spread option model with 50 and 60 correlation?
Please respond to  jsarikas foster-fa.com			James Sarikas jsarikas foster-fa.com on 05/22/2000 10:34:24 AM Please respond to jsarikas foster-fa.com To: Kim M. Clark kclark jhenergy.com , John Brickhill hrknmtn foster-fa.com , John Paganis jpaganis hess.com , Greg Troxell gatroxell nipsco.com , Roxane Maywalt RMAYWALT sablaw.com , Mary Klyasheff m.klyasheff pecorp.com , Simon B. Halflin s.halfin pecorp.com , Rebecca W. Cantrell rebecca.w.cantrell enron.com , Lori Marlatt lmarlatt br-inc.com , Gregory J. Porter GJPorter midamerican.com , Gearold L. Knowles gknowles schiffhardin.com , Edward J. Grenier egrenier sablaw.com , Curt Westerhausen cawesterhausen nipsco.com , Cecelia Largura cjlargura nisource.com , Tim Caister trcaister nisource.com , Kirk Lavengood kllavengood midamerican.com , Steve Van Hooser steve.van.hooser enron.com , Dorothy Mersereau Dorothy Mersereau br-inc.ca cc: Bambi L. Heckerman Bambi.Heckerman enron.com Subject: JAB Data Request Respones
please see the dial in number and call info below.			please see the dial in number and call info below.
please add to my schedule			please add to my schedule
Please review and let me know whether you have any	Jeff and Mark,. Attached please find the comments that I wish to file with the Federal Trade Commission concerning EnronOnline for their upcoming B2B workshop this coming Thursday-Friday.	Attached please find the comments that I wish to file with the Federal Trade Commission concerning EnronOnline for their upcoming B2B workshop this coming Thursday-Friday.	Please review and let me know whether you have any recommended changes.
Please indicate approval via REPLY WITH HISTORY.	I d love to see us keep the capacity release upside above the discounted rate on all these deals but if we can t get it, we can t get it.. Approved.. DF. TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE CONTRACT APPROVAL FORM. Various revisions have been requested for the five year New Mexico Natural Gas NMNG contract.. Please review the revised discount letter which includes the following revisions:. 1 Clarification of Shipper s alternate rights at discount rate.. 2 Deletion of paragraph granting NMNG the ability to change monthly MAXDTQ quantities subject to a floor level.. Tariff already provides this ability subject to mutual agreement of Shipper and TW .. 3 Addition of language which waives Shipper s ROFR rights.. 4 Addition of language which would allow TW to apply a possible additional future surcharge if TW were to file for authorization to recover Y2K costs through a new surcharge.. In this particular discount letter I did not include language which allows TW the ability to retain capacity release revenues above the discount rate as this issue was not a part of the original negotiations.. However, this language as well as the language overviewed above in 1 , 3 and 4 will most likely be adopted as standard discount letter language in the future.	However, this language as well as the language overviewed above in 1 , 3 and 4 will most likely be adopted as standard discount letter language in the future.	Please indicate approval via REPLY WITH HISTORY.
you please provide a NYMEX quote and basis quote  El Paso San Juan .	Eric John, Here are the scheduled volumes for a VPP we are working on for Bayless.	Eric John, Here are the scheduled volumes for a VPP we are working on for Bayless.	Can you please provide a NYMEX quote and basis quote El Paso San Juan .
Please review and offer you approval/comments.	Mark -	Mark -	Please review and offer you approval/comments.
Please plan on leaving the office at 11:30 AM.	Lucky you!!!!!!!!!. !. Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas 770 PHONE phone PHONE fax sara.shackleton enron.com. Looks like I will be out of the office next Friday afternoon.. The Half Day of Beauty spa arrangements have been confirmed.. As mentioned in my earlier e-mail, you will need to arrive at Tova s by 12:00 Noon on your scheduled day.	As mentioned in my earlier e-mail, you will need to arrive at Tova s by 12:00 Noon on your scheduled day.	Please plan on leaving the office at 11:30 AM.
Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and	Conf call: AT T lines have been reserved.. Please contact Sherri Sera 713/ PHONE or Katherine Brown 713/ PHONE for the weekly dial-in number and passcode.	Please contact Sherri Sera 713/ PHONE or Katherine Brown 713/ PHONE for the weekly dial-in number and passcode.	Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and through what medium.
Please prepare an amendment to increase the existing  15MM guaranty provided	Any update on status of this request?. Hey Gerald,	Hey Gerald,	Please prepare an amendment to increase the existing 15MM guaranty provided by Bridgeline Holdings to 25MM.
Please call Scott Govenar at 916.448.8240 for info.	Ain t got one.	Ain t got one.	Please call Scott Govenar at PHONE for info.
Could you clarify our roles for both of us?	Mark and John,. Michelle s understanding is that I am no longer to oversee this litigation.. This is fine with me if that is your decision.. I think Michelle can handle it without my oversight.. On the other hand I am free to stay engaged as long as you want me to be.	On the other hand I am free to stay engaged as long as you want me to be.	Could you clarify our roles for both of us?
Please send him a password.	Rod,. You have been setup for the Daily Market Summary and your password is going to be summary .. Let me know if you need any additional information.. Thanks, Sandra Vu. Rod Hayslett is approved to receive the read only version of the Daily Market Summary.	Rod Hayslett is approved to receive the read only version of the Daily Market Summary.	Please send him a password.
To arrange delivery, call order department at 713-526-8787	IMAGE. Store Member: Spec s Wines, Spirits Finer Foods. Members E-mail IMAGE. Hi ELIZABETH A.. AND GRANT A.,. Spec s Wines, Spirits Finer Foodsand WineISIT.com have teamed up to offer you some great savings on your favorite wines and spirits.. We hope you enjoy these WineISIT.com specials.. 5 discount is available for those not using credit cards.. Use of debit cards earns the 5 cash discount.. Both regular and cash discount prices are listed.. Specials available at all locations.. E-mail any questions or comments about these special offers to:. sales specsonline.com Spec s largest and most famous location is at 2400 Smith St. on the south edge of downtown.. 16 other locations are around Houston.. Exact locations available here.. Spec s is famous for providing customers more wine, liquor, beer and specialty foods and at lower prices than anyone in Texas.. Store Hours: All stores are open from 10AM to 9PM Monday through Saturday.. Charge Cards Honored: American Express, Mastercard, Visa, Discover cards.	Charge Cards Honored: American Express, Mastercard, Visa, Discover cards.	To arrange delivery, call order department at PHONE
Please call me about this matter.	John:	John:	Please call me about this matter.
As per our phone conversation, please generate these two bin-averaged power	Mark:	Mark:	As per our phone conversation, please generate these two bin-averaged power curves for turbine 2 at Montfort.
Please include the following message  verify the question I left for	Susan:. I ve spoken with a new Indian tribe and need to send the sample governmental ISDA to several people.. I ll forward the names/addresses to you.. Stewart Rosman is the commercial person and he should be copied as well as Tracy Ngo.	Stewart Rosman is the commercial person and he should be copied as well as Tracy Ngo.	Please include the following message verify the question I left for you with the attachment:
Please complete and return to me by COB Friday, October 6th.	Jeff, My bad.. I forgot to update my address book with your new migrated e-mail address.. Please consider this a reminder that your IRT updates are now due to Rick Shapiro Sue Nord.. From this point forward, I have taken over for Joseph in distributing and updating this report.. In order to facilitate processing this report in a timely manner, please utilize the attached Excel file see below , which contains a worksheet that shows the September report, as well as a worksheet with each individuals name.. Please use the September report as a reference for your October report.. Also, you can cut paste from the September report to use in your update, but you are no longer able to change the report as you were previously.. Please call me directly if you have any questions about this new form.	Please call me directly if you have any questions about this new form.	Please complete and return to me by COB Friday, October 6th.
Can you send me your fax number so I can get you the	Dan,. Sorry it s taken me so long to get back to you on this -- I got sent out to the field for most of the day.	Sorry it s taken me so long to get back to you on this -- I got sent out to the field for most of the day.	Can you send me your fax number so I can get you the legal description.
Chris, Scott, and Doug... please determine how this will be coordinated.	The Choice program storage is to be negotiated by CES-Retail.. In fact, our agreement with CES Retail says that they will give us actual volumes for our storage schedule by March 15.. Chris, have you called CES to see how they re coming along with the schedule?. It would be a nice, gentle reminder to call them a week in advance which is today , so they can start putting it together.. To ensure we are all on the same page... how does the renewal of this contract work for April 1?. If I remember correctly, the injection contract is from April 1st to October 31st.. Who negotiates this with the CDC??. ?. John Hodge thought it was Doug Mckinney in Herndon.. However, the storage becomes Enron s on April 1st.. So... does Enron negotiate?	So... does Enron negotiate?	Chris, Scott, and Doug... please determine how this will be coordinated.
plz call when you can.			plz call when you can.
you please initial the signature lines and have your assistant return them to	Well, I am pleased to report that we have our first counterparty that is willing to sign both the enovate Master and GISB as is.. Jeff - I will overnight the duplicate originals provided by Oneok to your attention.	Jeff - I will overnight the duplicate originals provided by Oneok to your attention.	Would you please initial the signature lines and have your assistant return them to me?
Could you please escalate per our conversation	Steve -	Steve -	Could you please escalate per our conversation
Can you also send me by COB on Mon. a copy of the open issue list revised to			-bcc: X-Folder: Kay Mann June2001 3 Notes Folders Notes inbox X-Origin: MANN-K X-FileName: kmann.nsf
Please pass on my  Thanks  to the others that contributed to this educational process.	Virgil, I wanted to say Thank You for your time and effort given to our new employees as they toured your facilities in Vidor on Tuesday, September 25.. I know it was the first time most of them had been to a compressor station and they found it very interesting.. This was one step in our efforts to help them match the Physical world Operations with the Paper world Nominations, invoices, etc .	This was one step in our efforts to help them match the Physical world Operations with the Paper world Nominations, invoices, etc .	Please pass on my Thanks to the others that contributed to this educational process.
Please make necessary entries on Lotus Notes and keep supporting	As you may know, Project Ghost was unwound eff.. 3/31/00.. I believe that Project MacArthur was also unwound.. but I haven t seen anything .. Also, Project Blackbird is in the process of being unwound.. Each will have a Swap Termination Agreement.. Brenda Funk should be organizing closing docs.	Brenda Funk should be organizing closing docs.	Please make necessary entries on Lotus Notes and keep supporting documentation in the files.
simon, can we please get it on cd			maureen, here is the presentation simon, can we please get it on cd steve, good luck
Margaux, please coordinate with Mark Evans in London to get closing sets of	Susan and Samantha: We are in the process of completing a quarter end project called Project Margaux and have completed the Raptor II project.	Susan and Samantha: We are in the process of completing a quarter end project called Project Margaux and have completed the Raptor II project.	With respect to Project Margaux, please coordinate with Mark Evans in London to get closing sets of documents.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Martha Ragsdale 1425 SE 24th Ave 305 Portland OR, OR 97214 MRagsdal aol.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please put the TECO call on my and Fred s calendar.	Kay, I would like to meet with you at 9:30 to discuss the MOU.. I don t believe their counsel will be on the call at 10:30, therefore your participation is optional although you know we d always prefer to have you .. Regards,. Ben. Lorie:	Lorie:	Please put the TECO call on my and Fred s calendar.
Pat/Daren:  Can you get with Mike and/or Brian to determine the potential	Thanks for the info!. As Greg mentioned in the staff meeting today, the intent is that this restructured deal is papered effective 4/1/00.. The impact is potentially that the gas is not pathed properly by counterparty or on the appropriate transport/gathering agreements, etc.. If any rates are changing, then those need to be changed in our systems also.. There may be other areas of changes also - I m not attempting to list them all.. Rather I just want to make people aware that retroactive deals can have impacts on the daily operations.. Thanks for the information.	Thanks for the information.	Pat/Daren: Can you get with Mike and/or Brian to determine the potential impact, if any?
need anything just give me a call at 713 853 6349.	Chris. I will look at confirm this am and call you back.	I will look at confirm this am and call you back.	In the meanwhile if you need anything just give me a call at PHONE .
Please review the attached modified documents to see if it correctly			Ellen, Please review the attached modified documents to see if it correctly reflects the deal.
Please fill out the attached activity driver	March is consistent with Feb.. As you are aware, we are starting to collect data for our March price model.. I ve attached a survey to help us collect the data that will be driving your costs from the activities to the commercial teams.. In the Data tab, please select the your RCs, and fill in the driver quantity for the requested driver for the month of February.	In the Data tab, please select the your RCs, and fill in the driver quantity for the requested driver for the month of February.	Please fill out the attached activity driver survey with March numbers for your RC by end of day Wednesday, April 5th.
Sharon, when you have a moment, can you set up a brief telephone conference			Sharon, when you have a moment, can you set up a brief telephone conference 20 when we can all discuss this.
Please respond with any concerns or questions about the flow  For	Andy,. We are in the process of finalizing the high level design for the Risk Management Simulation and need your input on some details.. Please focus on the trader tasks; I have provided the structurer tasks FYI.. If you could please provide your feedback by noon on Wednesday, it will help ensure that the BRM Deal stays on schedule and on budget.	If you could please provide your feedback by noon on Wednesday, it will help ensure that the BRM Deal stays on schedule and on budget.	I have attached two documents: 1 Simulation Flow Depicts the flow of the learner s tasks through the simulation Provides context for the Learner Tasks document see below Please respond with any concerns or questions about the flow For example, tasks are out of order; two tasks are listed separately that should be combined, etc.
Please move Sue Nord back to full time at a salary of  168,000 ASAP, but effective no later than November 16,2001  sooner, if possible .			Please move Sue Nord back to full time at a salary of 168,000 ASAP, but effective no later than November 16,2001 sooner, if possible .
plan on staying with us and if you can fit it in, try to spend a couple of	It was great catching up with you in Barcelona and wonderful to hear that you will be coming to South Africa on vacation.	It was great catching up with you in Barcelona and wonderful to hear that you will be coming to South Africa on vacation.	When you are in J Burg, plan on staying with us and if you can fit it in, try to spend a couple of days up at our game park.
Look through this 3 page document, and let me know what you think, please.	Everybody, we were talking for a while about using non-normal distributions in the Monte-Carlo simulations in our VAR model.. I put together some suggestion regarding this.. The text is under O: Dropbox Tanya non normal logs.doc	The text is under O: Dropbox Tanya non normal logs.doc	Look through this 3 page document, and let me know what you think, please.
Please make note of the following important change to the SAP COE Hotline			Please make note of the following important change to the SAP COE Hotline mailbox !
Please call Jeremy for moving this change into produtions.	John,. The code is revised.	The code is revised.	Please compare PHONE with PHONE with exchange options vol skew added Please call Jeremy for moving this change into produtions.
Give me a call.	Per my earlier email and the one below, could you please let us know about the 2000 Defintions?. Thanks.. Sara. I got a copy of 2000 Definitions Annex via distribution today.. However, I did not know of nor do I have the 2000 Definitions, which apparently restated/conformed the 1991/1998 basic ISDA definitions.. Our Master still refs 1991, as amended etc., so it probably does pick up the 2000 issuance by ISDA.. Do you have the 2000?. Do we need to order?. Should we consider revising the master agreement in respect of the definition incorporation language?	Should we consider revising the master agreement in respect of the definition incorporation language?	Give me a call.
Please read this memo and the one dated 2/21/01 from Vance.	Daren,	Daren,	Please read this memo and the one dated 2/21/01 from Vance.
you please verify that the provisions are in fact our language?	Tana: attached are the L/C provisions for the Deutsche Bank Master.	Tana: attached are the L/C provisions for the Deutsche Bank Master.	Would you please verify that the provisions are in fact our language?
2001.  Please take a few minutes and make changes and return asap.			Gary, Listed below are the goals that i sent in for your financial trading group.
Please email my home email address at:	Please email me more information regarding your Nokia rate plans.	Please email me more information regarding your Nokia rate plans.	Please email my home email address at:
process from a RAC perspective, so going forward, would you please copy her			Cheryl - you re doing a great job of trying to keep us in the loop - Mary s going to be working with you on the administration of this brokerage account process from a RAC perspective, so going forward, would you please copy her on all correspondence you d normally include me in?
Please make sure that in fact we also	Marie, also as per below re: ECI, please get a copy of the tax i.d.. form from Stephanie.. Also can someone please send a copy to me for my file.. Cheryl Nelson Senior Counsel EB38 PHONE http://gss.enron.com/. Marie, I am forwarding to you for Brokerage files. 1.. A copy of the executed copy of the Javelin Technologies Agreement that was faxed to me.. We need to follow up to get the original.. In the meantime, we ll put this doc in the executed file.. 2.. A copy of the ECI - Bear Stearns guaranty that I had faxed to the office while I was in New York.. Also, Stephanie, reminder that I believe that we still have not sent a signed Tax Form to Bear re: Enron Credit Inc. although we did so for Morgan .. In any case, Mike Bruegel at Bear says he does not have it.. Please send one to him.. His phone number is PHONE .. This did not affect the opening of the account but they still need it.	This did not affect the opening of the account but they still need it.	Please make sure that in fact we also sent one to Goldman.
Please send us an email with your accomplishments so that we have	I filled in the self evaluation form on PEP which asks for accomplishments.. Do you need a separate email still?. Per. All,. After filling out and gathering all the feedback forms in the last couple of weeks, Jeff and I just realized that we forgot to ask everyone for an accomplishment list from each of you.. We have had a very successful 2001 so far and we need to be able to discuss each group and your personal mid-year in detail.	We have had a very successful 2001 so far and we need to be able to discuss each group and your personal mid-year in detail.	Please send us an email with your accomplishments so that we have all the facts during the PRC process.
Could you please e-mail me an invitation, the file you sent does not allow	Brenda:	Brenda:	Could you please e-mail me an invitation, the file you sent does not allow you to print.
I work  on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays, so if you send anything out on Tuesday and  Thursday, please send it to my home email address.	Thanks.. I work for a criminal defense lawyer and he thought of the address name.. Pretty appropriate.. When you get a chance, let me know what and how much you will be baking.	When you get a chance, let me know what and how much you will be baking.	I work on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays, so if you send anything out on Tuesday and Thursday, please send it to my home email address.
to the field location, remove the current  inconsistent  one and add the	Chris, Faye has completed moving all of the facilities on your request, EXCEPT meter 006335 because a deal that is booked on that meter had volumes with a status other than expected which means we have to work on that behind the scenes.. Below is a list of deals that were impacted by her moving all of the other meters.. I am bouncing the server and it wil take about 15 minutes to complete.. After that, you will have to get completely out of all open Sitara applications including the Launch Pad and get back in.. Open the deals listed below and make sure the location field on the deal exchange says inconsistent .. You should only be concerned with the exchanges for 6/1/00 and forward.. Click Edit and then go to the location field and click on the ellipsis.. Click OK when the Facility dialogue box opens and the correct zone should appear automatically.. Before you tab out of that field, make sure that the deal volume equals the expected volume.. If the volumes are not equal, make a note of the expected volumes and how they are broken out because they will default to the deal volume as soon as you tab out.. If the volumes are different, update them as necessary and then release the deal.. Repeat this for all exchanges for 6/1/00 and forward and for all deals.. The second thing you need to do is identify any swaps that are linked to the physical forwards.. If none are linked then that s great because you won t have to worry about that.. If some exist, you will have to update the swap to reflect the correct zone.	If some exist, you will have to update the swap to reflect the correct zone.	To do this, you need to edit the swap, go to the field location, remove the current inconsistent one and add the correct zone.
Please call me, thanks.			Please call me, thanks.
please notify Liz   31935.	Robert,. We are diligently trying to increase our United Way participation.. Currently, Net Works is only at 57 participation.. Listed below are employees in your department who have not gone online to make their pledge.. I m asking you to personally all each of them today, and encourage them to make their pledge.	I m asking you to personally all each of them today, and encourage them to make their pledge.	If any names listed below are not with your department, please notify Liz 31935.
Please plan on coming if you can.	Dave,. Thanks for the invitation.. I shall be glad to join you at the dinner and on Saturday.. I shall come alone: my wife will stay with my son in California till June my son graduates this spring from college .. I shall remind Andy Fastow about NFCF.. Vince. Vince, It was good seeing you again today.. I want to make sure the NFCF is on your calendar for May 4-5.. You should be receiving some registration materials shortly.	You should be receiving some registration materials shortly.	Please plan on coming if you can.
Please indicated approval via REPLY WITH HISTORY.	I m OK on this, with one small change.. Please add /MMBtu after .08 in paragraph 3.. I just want it clearer that the 8 cent rate is per unit as utilized.. Thanks.. DF. TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE CONTRACT APPROVAL REQUEST. Please review the attached non-standard discount letter for Duke Energy Trading Marketing.. The one year contract for 10,000 Dth/d provides for primary EOT-EOT transportation.. Duke is allowed to transport to SoCal/Needles at an incremental rate based upon actual utilization.. Duke has retained ROFR rights and rights to capacity release revenues above the discounted rate.	Duke has retained ROFR rights and rights to capacity release revenues above the discounted rate.	Please indicated approval via REPLY WITH HISTORY.
Chris,  Please get together with Mark and his group to discuss their proces	Brenda,. I agree with Mark that this functionality does not exist today.. However, I don t see developing a solution will be that hard.. There are very few cont racts / deals which will have this language in them today.. I m not trying to make this sound easy.. We still need to get the input information.. Thes e deals will be more of the Interval meter data transactions which will hav e a hourly load shape and we can get access to the hourly index price.. I h ave access to that information today.. 20. We do need to get a solution in place quickly.. I don t want to speak for h im but I think Mark was saying that they would not have a solution in place win the current tactical solution.. I do think that we can add something o utside of that process which will be added back in manually at first.. I am copying Chris on this as well so he can start taking a look at it.. Th is is the type of activity we perform on a daily basis in the Portland offi ce.. There may be something which we can replicate	There may be something which we can replicate	Chris, Please get together with Mark and his group to discuss their proces s and let us know what is required.
Go ahead and pose the question, but the answer should be that we don t comment at all on litigation, and that the terms of severance plan and related waivers will govern the situation.			Go ahead and pose the question, but the answer should be that we don t comment at all on litigation, and that the terms of severance plan and related waivers will govern the situation.
Please call me with any questions.	Terri -- As you requested, attached is an execution copy of the Second Amendment providing for cancellation of the year 2002 obligations under the 8/15/96 Power Purchase and Sale Agreement between EPMI and OPPD.. Please note that I have modified the paragraph immediately above the signature blank to explicitly authorize fax exchange of executed documents in advance of the exchange of hand-signed originals.. If this document is acceptable, please send it to OPPD s attorney Steve Bruckner SBRUCKNER FraserStryker.com at the same time you transmit it to OPPD s business persons cmoriarty oppd.com, dried oppd.com .	If this document is acceptable, please send it to OPPD s attorney Steve Bruckner SBRUCKNER FraserStryker.com at the same time you transmit it to OPPD s business persons cmoriarty oppd.com, dried oppd.com .	Please call me with any questions.
Secondly, please could you deliver the Inception Document for GTVII Phase II	Zhiyong. Thanks for getting me the signed so far copy.. Beth and Philippe, please sign the document today .. When they have signed please recirculate the final signed copy to everyone.. On a going forward basis, please ensure that we receive weekly progress reports including any variances to timeline deliverables hopefully these will all be early deliveries!. .	.	Secondly, please could you deliver the Inception Document for GTVII Phase II by Friday April 6th.
Please fax comments to David Barbour and Muriel McFarling at 214-659-4401 by	Carol St. Clair EB 38 PHONE Phone PHONE Fax carol.st.clair enron.com. Attached please find the Sale and Auction Agreement for the Fiji Z Class B Interest and the Bali Trust Agreement.. The Sale and Auction Agreement is marked against the Sale and Auction Agreement from the Hawaii 125-0, McGarrett Series B transaction and the Bali Trust Agreement is marked against the Alchemy Trust Agreement.. Please note that the attached documents are in Word Perfect.. A subsequent email with the documents in Microsoft Word will follow.	A subsequent email with the documents in Microsoft Word will follow.	Please fax comments to David Barbour and Muriel McFarling at PHONE by Monday, August 28th.
456233.1 could you please send me  and Jennifer Johnson some more detail			I talked to Phil about a trade on 11/11/00 regarding 640 MW deal number 456233.1 could you please send me and Jennifer Johnson some more detail about this deal.
Please schedule a meeting with Caroline about her needs			Please schedule a meeting with Caroline about her needs
Please provide feedback on the employee s  listed below by accessing the	NOTE: YOU WILL RECEIVE THIS MESSAGE EACH TIME YOU ARE SELECTED AS A REVIEWER.. You have been selected to participate in the Mid-Year 2000 Performance Management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee s that have been identified for you.. Your feedback plays an important role in the performance management process, and your participation is very critical to the success of Enron s Performance Management goals.	Your feedback plays an important role in the performance management process, and your participation is very critical to the success of Enron s Performance Management goals.	Please provide feedback on the employee s listed below by accessing the Performance Management System PEP and completing an online feedback form as described in the Performance Management Quick Reference Guide .
Please call me with any questions that you have,	Per Jeff Gosset, attached is yesterday s natural gas curve.	Per Jeff Gosset, attached is yesterday s natural gas curve.	Please call me with any questions that you have,
below  -- please give me a call when you have a minute.	fyi. Caroline -- Thanks for your help.. I would like to get the ball rolling with Asia Partnership asap Tuesday morning.. Perhaps you and I could talk this afternoon so I can provide you with additional details regarding the parameters of the search.	Perhaps you and I could talk this afternoon so I can provide you with additional details regarding the parameters of the search.	I am in the Singapore office numbers listed below -- please give me a call when you have a minute.
please take a look and let me know if you have any heartburn about deleting	Here is my suggested mark up in bold of Greg s paragraph.. I haven t sent it to him yet.. My tiering thing will follow shortly for your review.	My tiering thing will follow shortly for your review.	Dari, please take a look and let me know if you have any heartburn about deleting Par.
please simply reply to this e-mail with your contact information.	CANADIAN ENERGY TOWN HALL MEETING. Sponsored by: Province of Alberta, Canada Province of British Columbia, Canada University of Houston Energy Institute. Topic: Security of Supply North American Energy Markets Wednesday, November 28, 2001 Fairmont Hotel Oak Room Corner of Ross Akard Dallas, Texas Time: 2:30-4:00pm. You and your colleagues are invited to attend this unique discussion about the increasing importance of Canada s energy-rich provinces to North American energy supply and security.. Featured speakers include Alberta Energy Minister Murray Smith, British Columbia Minister of Energy Mines Richard Neufeld, and several senior executives of U.S. and Canadian energy firms with substantial stakes in Canada s top energy plays, including the MacKenzie Delta, Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin and Atlantic Canada offshore.. Dr. Michelle Michot Foss, Director of the Energy Institute of the University of Houston, will facilitate discussion in a highly interactive town hall format designed to encourage audience participation.. The Energy Town Hall session is one of several energy-related activities now planned as a part of Canadian Prime Minister Jean Chretien s upcoming Trade Team Canada West Mission to Dallas on Wednesday, November 28th.. In addition to the Prime Minister, the Premiers of Canada s energy-rich western provinces, including the Honorable Ralph Klein, Premier of Alberta, and the Honorable Gordon Campbell, Premier of British Colombia, will attend.. Trade Team Canada events on Nov.28 include the Team Canada Luncheon, featuring the Prime Minister as keynote speaker and Texas Governor Perry as special guest, and an evening Team Canada Business Reception.	Trade Team Canada events on Nov.28 include the Team Canada Luncheon, featuring the Prime Minister as keynote speaker and Texas Governor Perry as special guest, and an evening Team Canada Business Reception.	To register for the Energy Town Hall in Dallas on Wednesday, Nov.28, please simply reply to this e-mail with your contact information.
Please call to discuss.	Patti Sullivan has cerated a new El Paso interruptible contract for delivering to Griffith.. It is an Enron contract.. This agreemnet is 9M52.. For the gas we delivered yesterday, we will be invoicing Citizens based on deliveries as a special deal over and above our base deal.. You will have an imbalance at Griffith that will go to your OBA.. I will get you the price later today.. Nogales used some gas last month.. Citizens has an IT contract 989N that we can use to deliver to this point.. I am still a little uncertain as to how you want us to handle this.. Please advise if the following procedure is how you want it handled:. 1.. EPMI will deliver gas to Nogales on 989N 2.. When gas is delivered, we will bill Citizens based on the price when gas is delivered rather then when used, as you want this account isolated.. 3.. We should 0-out any current imbalance position at Noglaes based on 1 and 2 above.	We should 0-out any current imbalance position at Noglaes based on 1 and 2 above.	Please call to discuss.
Please indicate your attendance below and return to me via e-mail	The Forum II meeting will take place at 6:00 p.m. on Monday, December 4, at Vin-De-Garde, located at 3311 Sul Ross check link below for map .. http://maps.yahoo.com/py/maps.py?BFCat Pyt Tmap newFL Use Address Below addr 3311 Sul Ross csz Houston 2C TX country us Get A0Map Get Map	http://maps.yahoo.com/py/maps.py?BFCat Pyt Tmap newFL Use Address Below addr 3311 Sul Ross csz Houston 2C TX country us Get A0Map Get Map	Please indicate your attendance below and return to me via e-mail sherri.sera enron.com :
Can you call me?			Can you call me?
Will you please research the position to see when this	Okay, I think the tds tab in newcurrentday was wrong.. It is showing a jan pos of 269.55 lots, but TDS is showing 539.1.. False alarm.. We will fix newcurrentday.. Mike. Forwarded by Mike Grigsby/HOU/ECT on 11/29/2000 10:19 PM. The PG E basis position in TDS does not match the FEB/MAR position.. The Baja spread was executed as a NOV-MAR position months ago.. The only real changes were to Socal basis over time.. There is no telling when this might have changed in error.	There is no telling when this might have changed in error.	Will you please research the position to see when this position was reduced.
Can you confirm the price on deal 231760 for Lisa Valderrama.	Hey you said I could delete this one.. Yea!. !. on deal 231760 for 04/00	on deal 231760 for 04/00	Can you confirm the price on deal 231760 for Lisa Valderrama.
Rich, would you please add Tim Aron to your distribution list for the Gallup			Rich, would you please add Tim Aron to your distribution list for the Gallup Weekly Updates, and also forward him your latest?
Please give me a shout with	Attached is the file that I use from Storey to load his curves.. It has quite a few tabs because he uses the model to track his positions and P L. The tabs that should be of interest to you are the upload tab - for the curve names and the batch tab for the curve prices.	It has quite a few tabs because he uses the model to track his positions and P L. The tabs that should be of interest to you are the upload tab - for the curve names and the batch tab for the curve prices.	Please give me a shout with any questions.
Mark, please review the attached and offer comments/approval.	Fletcher Sturm would like to transact in US Gas Basis Nymex last day vs. ANR Oklahoma and Nymex last day vs. Trunkline, Louisiana.. Please offer your approval.	Please offer your approval.	Mark, please review the attached and offer comments/approval.
Will you look at the attached file and let me know	John,. This is the list of the business teams within ENA I received Tuesday from accounting.. As you can see it is hopelessly behind our org chart.. I shall bring it up with accounting.. Vince. Attached file consists of a list of Commercial teams within ENA.. According to your allocation, 39.61 goes to ENA.. 12.5 of the 39.61 goes to Global Risk Management and the rest, which is 27.11 needs to allocate to the rest of ENA Commercial Teams.	12.5 of the 39.61 goes to Global Risk Management and the rest, which is 27.11 needs to allocate to the rest of ENA Commercial Teams.	Will you look at the attached file and let me know who I should allocate the 27.11 to?
Please RSVP to Eva Pollard at epollard houstonenergy.org, or call the HEA	Shirley,. Please, register me.. Vince. Join us Tuesday, May 2, 2000 at the Doubletree Hotel - Allen Center 400 Dallas for a luncheon program addressing ERCOT and an update on the power market for this summer.. DIANA J. NAYLOR, Senior Vice President of CalPine Corporation, will be the keynote speaker and will focus on how these issues affect the gas market.. Advance Registration 35 per person. Registration at the Door - 40 per person. CPE Credits available	CPE Credits available	Please RSVP to Eva Pollard at epollard houstonenergy.org, or call the HEA office at PHONE .
Could you please check into the status of this request?			Holly: Could you please check into the status of this request?
Please remove Bob Shiring and Liz Rivera from rc  768.	Steve,	Steve,	Please remove Bob Shiring and Liz Rivera from rc 768.
Per our conversation, would you please provide us with the followings?	Geof,	Geof,	Per our conversation, would you please provide us with the followings?
To continue getting familiar with Ontario, please review the document OEFC demandSupp UBS.ppt on your I:/common/OEFC directory.			To continue getting familiar with Ontario, please review the document OEFC demandSupp UBS.ppt on your I:/common/OEFC directory.
Please post this to the 30012000 account on Co. 0364.			Please post this to the PHONE account on Co. 0364.
Please give me a call this week I need some info.			Please give me a call this week I need some info.
Please make certain that the pg e	Sorry.. The topock curve should be marked as Socal flat.. Remember that we show the differentials in index spreads.	Remember that we show the differentials in index spreads.	Please make certain that the pg e topock curves are flat to socal in the future.
Would you also please set this person up for an interview as well.			Would you also please set this person up for an interview as well.
on vacation, please give me a call.	I hope that you are enjoying your break from school, and am sure that it is even more enjoyable with that Number 1 ranking decided!. My husband an OU grad and I were at Orange Bowl, and it was really exciting to be there and see the team absolutely stop FSU.	My husband an OU grad and I were at Orange Bowl, and it was really exciting to be there and see the team absolutely stop FSU.	If you have any questions regarding your job offer from Enron while you are on vacation, please give me a call.
pls. mark the fax c/o Jackie Cavendish			Forwarded by Kevin Kindall/Corp/Enron on 12/08/2000 02:42 PM
Please read the instructions carefully  especially for financial	Dear Miss Symes,. Thank you for inquiring about our program!. a Complete information and application package will be sent to the address specified in your request.. In it, you will find all the information about our school, our catalogue and application form, and all the financial aid information and application form.	In it, you will find all the information about our school, our catalogue and application form, and all the financial aid information and application form.	Please read the instructions carefully especially for financial aid--incomplete application for financial aid will NOT be considered .
so could you please prepare an ISDA Agreement for their review.			David, We want to be able to start performing financial trades with Frontera so could you please prepare an ISDA Agreement for their review.
After making your changes can you forward to Billiy and	Chris,. Can you look this over.. I made some changes I m having Gerald look it over for his comments.	I made some changes I m having Gerald look it over for his comments.	After making your changes can you forward to Billiy and Diego.
call me after you read this x39837			call me after you read this x39837
Please appove and auto schedule.	Kate,. Heres the Nov. Will batch.	Heres the Nov. Will batch.	Please appove and auto schedule.
Pat,  Please print these documents out and fax to Art McMullen at  403  234 -			Pat, Please print these documents out and fax to Art McMullen at 403 234 - 7540.
Laurel:  Please update me on your discussion with Jean Naughton-Carr.			Laurel: Please update me on your discussion with Jean Naughton-Carr.
Please add to our list of topics for Wednesday s meeting.			Please add to our list of topics for Wednesday s meeting.
Please call me at 707-964-1155,	Hi Jeff: I know a Jeff Dasovich, exact spelling, an attorney in Oklahoma City...I m looking forward to talking to you about the potential for vineyard.	Hi Jeff: I know a Jeff Dasovich, exact spelling, an attorney in Oklahoma City...I m looking forward to talking to you about the potential for vineyard.	Please call me at PHONE , I zoom around pretty fast but should be able to get down there soon.
Please sign two agreements and return same to my	Alan,. Further to our conversation, attached is the final version of the Spot Purchase/Sale Agreement.	Further to our conversation, attached is the final version of the Spot Purchase/Sale Agreement.	Please sign two agreements and return same to my attention at the location listed below.
Once you and Mark Scott have a solution to the issues that Ken had, please	Any news on my DSL and Nortel connection at home?. Please let me know.. Sincerely, Mike Grigsby. Forwarded by Mike Grigsby/HOU/ECT on 08/01/2000 03:48 PM. Cedric --	Cedric --	Once you and Mark Scott have a solution to the issues that Ken had, please get with Ina/Mike and fill them in on the next steps for getting Mike s Nortel box installed.
things, can you give me some comments.	Dear Vince:. I am in some preliminary dialogues with some faculty in the math department about the possibility of establishing a special program perhaps at master s level on financial engineering.. The attach pdf file is my own sketch about the program.	The attach pdf file is my own sketch about the program.	Since you have extensive knowledge about these things, can you give me some comments.
Please review since it may	The World Trade Center Facilities Superintendent has informed us that PGE Underground has a main transformer with a bad network protector and is off line.. Power needs to be off to replace this network protector.. While this situation is inconvenient, it is an excellent opportuity to put our power backup systems to a test under optimimal circumstances, e.g., on a Sunday.. Listed below is information about the outage.	Listed below is information about the outage.	Please review since it may require some action on your part.
If you have time, would you please print two originals  on letterhead  and	Stephanie -. Below is an NDA for Calpine Corp. requested by Tom Gros - MD for CommodityLogic a Net Works project .	Below is an NDA for Calpine Corp. requested by Tom Gros - MD for CommodityLogic a Net Works project .	If you have time, would you please print two originals on letterhead and assist me in getting them to Tom.
Please e-mail your approval to Christine and me by noon tomorrow if	Attached is the proposed contract with Oneok.. Since it is a maximum rate deal, there is no discount letter.. However, I am circulating this for approval because it contains a special provision found in the Other section regarding marketing of capacity for release, as allowed by Section 30.8 of the General Terms and Conditions of Transwestern s tariff.. Christine, you and Michele will need to fill in the address and account information.. My sincerest apologies for operating outside the usual contracting procedure but since time is even more of the essence that usual here, I felt it was best to get a pro forma version of this out for approval as soon as possible.	My sincerest apologies for operating outside the usual contracting procedure but since time is even more of the essence that usual here, I felt it was best to get a pro forma version of this out for approval as soon as possible.	Please e-mail your approval to Christine and me by noon tomorrow if possible.
Just give me a call when you want to go!			Just give me a call when you want to go!
On your excel spreadsheet for clickpaper, can you add the physical products			On your excel spreadsheet for clickpaper, can you add the physical products to the legal tab so I don t have to copy those over each time.
survey  vs. financial  as denoted as FI in the survey  numbers, please	Daren, Please provide the number of Producer Services deals for the month of May New vs.. Existing Shari 3-3859. Attached please find the Activity Survey for the month of May, 2000.. I am sending the survey out this time as an opportunity to introduce myself to those of you I have not yet met.. I am being asked to take a direct roll in the further development and rollout of the Operations Pricing Model fka Transaction Cost Model .. In the past, I have directed the implementation of several pricing systems based on activity based costing similar to the Operations Pricing Model OPM .. Over the past couple of weeks my observations of the Model have lead me to be concerned with the quality of data used in the model.. It will take efforts by both you and the OPM team to get to a satisfactory level of data quality.. This process can start with this months data collection efforts.. Please pay particular attention this month as the bar is being raised by the management of Energy Operations for data quality and timeliness.. The attached survey drives your costs from your activities to the commercial teams.. Please select your RCs, and fill in the driver quantity for the requested driver for the month of May.. Please fill out the attached activity driver survey with May numbers for your RC and return to Shari Mao by end of day Friday, June 2.	Please fill out the attached activity driver survey with May numbers for your RC and return to Shari Mao by end of day Friday, June 2.	Please note the following updates: For Nat Gas, Sally Beck is interested in physical as denoted as PH in the survey vs. financial as denoted as FI in the survey numbers, please provide statistics accordingly If a driver has not been updated per your request, please call or email Jennifer Reside If you have additional updates / suggestions or items that need correction, please call or email Jennifer Reside
Please do me a favour and look through the doc attached below, which is	I have been reviewing the documentation for this trading site for a few weeks now.. I have not had a lot of time to review it thus far but I plan on taking a closer look at it this week.. I will keep you informed of my review.. ENA is looking at trading on this site, what other Enron entities that are looking at this site?. I would want our documentation to be consistent across any Enron entities trading with Swiss Re.. Brent: Per my voice mail.. I thought it made sense for you to review.. Thanks.. Sara. Sara, long time no see.. I won t be over for this autumn s ECT conference but hope to be around next year.	I won t be over for this autumn s ECT conference but hope to be around next year.	Please do me a favour and look through the doc attached below, which is governed by New York law in particular the reps under Section 2 d and the governing law language/jurisdiction language .
Starting today, please implement the	Tim, Wednesday the California Deputy Attorney General agreed to the following treatment of email at the Portland facility.. I confirmed this procedure in writing to him and have not heard any disagreement:. In Portland, we proposed to handle business email related to the topics in your preservation letter by instructing employees not to delete any email sent or received for 24 hours.. Email that is personal and does not relate to the business topics you have identified can be kept, discarded etc.. at the employee s pleasure.. Each day there is a backup made that will capture the email in those employees mailboxes.. After 24 hours, each employee is free to manage their email box as they deem appropriate to the business needs e.g.. keep, discard .. In addition, I discussed with the Attorney General the following procedure for when an employee runs out of hard disk space on his/her computer.. Again, I have not heard any disagreement regarding this procedure.. When an employee runs out of hard disk space on their computer, it is an acceptable practice to copy files from their hard disk to the network where they will be backed up and then delete those copied files to make sufficient work space for the employee to work.. Below are our recommendations for the text of an email to all EPMI personnel in Portland.. Dan Dietrich has confirmed that the IT backroom support for this policy is in place and that we may implement today.. Please send me a copy of the email that you distribute.. Thanks Gary. Text for your email:. This message will update employees on the status of the California Attorney General s order regarding the preservation of business information.. Please NOTE THE IMPORTANT POLICIES DESCRIBED BELOW.. We have negotiated procedures with the California Attorney General s office allowing each of you to manage your email and hard drive capacity while still preserving business information.	We have negotiated procedures with the California Attorney General s office allowing each of you to manage your email and hard drive capacity while still preserving business information.	Starting today, please implement the following business information retention policies:
Please send me your status on these items by close of business today.	Diann, I have got to get an update on the items below.	Diann, I have got to get an update on the items below.	Please send me your status on these items by close of business today.
Please make sure that we are	This list looks much better than the other one.	This list looks much better than the other one.	Please make sure that we are clear with the FERC people that this is a list of AA projects related to CWIP and not a list of everything under the sun that AA does for us.
One more time... can you explain the difference between assignment and			One more time... can you explain the difference between assignment and novation?
FYI - Brent please call.			FYI - Brent please call.
ily email list       please send an email to TraderSummaryemail syncrasy.co	IMAGE 09. IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE Syncrasy, LLC?	IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE Syncrasy, LLC?	PHONE Off PHONE Fax 909 Texas Avenue Suite 1314 H ouston, TX 77002 www.syncrasy.com Sales: PHONE D evelopment Offices: PHONE Off PHONE Fax 835 Main Avenue Suite 221 Durango, CO 81301 09 09 IMAGE Complimentary version of Trader Summary from Syncrasy, LLC and APB Energy Inc. - If you woul d like to receive this product early in the morning please call Syncr asy at PHONE for more information or send an email to subscrib e TraderSummary syncrasy.com - If you would like to be added to this da ily email list please send an email to TraderSummaryemail syncrasy.co m - If you would like to be removed from this daily email please reply to this email with the words CANCEL or send an email to cancel trad ersummary syncrasy.com Data last updated: Wednesday, Jan 30, 2002 at 07:04AM EST Commentary last updated: Wednesday, Jan 30, 2002 at 09:52AM EST Meteorologist: Andy Weingarten... APB Energy / True Quote Congratu lations Andy Weingarten, APB Energy!
Would you or someone in your group please investigate the allegations raised	Brian,	Brian,	Would you or someone in your group please investigate the allegations raised by Janeth Rodriguez-Philhower?
To reply to our email administrator directly, please send an	We wanted to maintain a recurring 1.5mm and since ad advalorems will decrease as a function of depreciation we thought the way to maintain the constant we to increase the 650k at the same rate as the depreciation.. Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld www.BlackBerry.net. The information contained in this transmission may contain privileged and confidential information.. It is intended only for the use of the person s named above.. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any review, dissemination, distribution or duplication of this communication is strictly prohibited.. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply email and destroy all copies of the original message.	If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply email and destroy all copies of the original message.	To reply to our email administrator directly, please send an email to postmaster gtlaw.com.
To comment on this newsletter or add your own content please	e-business for Energy Briefing Wednesday 6 September 2000 Issue 10. Contents:. EDITORIAL - Editors introduction - Teaching an Old Industry new tricks via the Internet. NEWS ROUND UP - A selection of e-commerce news from the energy industry. CASE STUDY - Spare plant parts become manageable with Sparesfinder.com. - Deregulation and the consumer. RELATED INDUSTRY NEWS - A selection of news on E-business projects within related industries. -. To subscribe for the e-commerce for energy briefing Email : energynews-subscribe-request peach.ease.lsoft.com mailto:energynews-subscribe-request peach.ease.lsoft.com. To unsubscribe, Email energynews-signoff-request peach.ease.lsoft.com mailto:energynews-signoff-request peach.ease.lsoft.com	To unsubscribe, Email energynews-signoff-request peach.ease.lsoft.com mailto:energynews-signoff-request peach.ease.lsoft.com	To comment on this newsletter or add your own content please Email Michelle at ecenergy firstconf.com
Please call me  713-853-9990  if you would like to discuss.	Weiss, Peck and Greer WPG has addressed the fee and margin issues noted in my previous email.. Fees: We will not be assessed any fees from WPG.. Thus, I suggest that section 9 state this, or be removed.. Margin: Section 14 should note that margin for our transactions through Buy Side Direct would be maintained at our prime broker.. WPG would only request margin if our prime broker disaffirms a trade.. Has the WPG attorney agreed to a time to discuss their agreement ?. Thanks.. Mike PHONE . My only suggestion regarding your comments on the WPG agreement would be not to change the 2nd line of 5a from your Prime Broker to the exchange .. Mike Minnich emailed you and me the following language to incorporate WPG s obligation as our nominal counterparty:. WPG is responsible for the clearance and settlement of all affirmed trades executed on the BuySideDirect trading system.. This appears reasonable to me unless you or Sara feel that this could be interpretted as excluding trades for which the other counterparty fails .. Rather than waiting until my issues regarding fees 9 and margin 14 are resolved, I suggest that you forward your comments to Mike Minnich who will provide to WPG s attorneys and note that we have requested an opportunity to discuss fees 9 and margin 14 with Mike Minnich and WPG.. We suggest deleting 9 as our understanding is that we would not incur charges from WPG.. Regarding 14, we would incorporate our Buy Side Direct trading activity into our margin account with our prime broker.. Jason, I ll provide additional feedback after I discuss these issues with WPG.	Jason, I ll provide additional feedback after I discuss these issues with WPG.	Please call me PHONE if you would like to discuss.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Anne Hopp 651 SW 3rd Street Boca Raton, FL 33486 ahopp mercator.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
comments, please call Jack Cashin at 202/508-5499.	The FERC staff report on western markets and the causes of the Summer 2000 Price Abormalities, entitled, Part I of Staff Report on U.S.. Bulk Power Markets, is available at the following website: http://www.FERC.Fed.US/Electric/BulkPower.htm.	Bulk Power Markets, is available at the following website: http://www.FERC.Fed.US/Electric/BulkPower.htm.	If you have any questions or comments, please call Jack Cashin at 202/ PHONE .
Please take care of this for me.	Laura,. Judy should have been listed as CP17 in the PRC.. Her bonus shuld have been 5,600 which falls in the low range of the level for someone ranked a 3.	Her bonus shuld have been 5,600 which falls in the low range of the level for someone ranked a 3.	Please take care of this for me.
If interested, please submit app to  yeah haas  by	font face Times New Roman, Times size 5 color 000080 blockquote type cite cite div align center YOUNG ENTREPRENEURS AT HAAS YEAH ,. font face Times New Roman, Times size 5 the Haas MBA-led youth outreach and education program, seeks. font face Times New Roman, Times size 5 color 0000FF 15 MBA s to become stock market mentor/coaches font face Times New Roman, Times size 5. to a group of under-served Bay Area high school students.. font face Times New Roman, Times size 4 color 000080 COMMITMENT:. One 4-hour Saturday Session per month 8 total plus 2-4 hours a month. outside of sessions with mentee pair at mentor s discretion .. font face Times New Roman, Times size 4 Each Mentor/Coach:. Supports a pair of students learning about stocks, global economics, and personal finance.. Coaches his/her pair towards success in a YEAH Stock Market Portfolio Competition.. Practices teaching and communication skills by leading lessons during Saturday Sessions.. Promotes students academic and personal development in a safe, nurturing environment.. Benefits for Mentors:. -Enhance the financial education and academic preparedness of under-served students;. -Get a crash course in stock market basics, investment strategies, macroecon issues, etc.. ;. -Earn a unit of academic credit for volunteering with Haas youth outreach program.. font face Times New Roman, Times size 4 color 0000FF div align center Attached are the Saturday Session calendar and the Mentor/Coach application.. nbsp;	nbsp;	If interested, please submit app to yeah haas by font face Times New Roman, Times size 4 color FF0000 Wednesday, 9/12/01 by 12:00 noon font face Times New Roman, Times size 4 color 0000FF .
Pls send to Mike Terraso with Environmental Policy.			Pls send to Mike Terraso with Environmental Policy.
copy, use or disclose this communication to others; also please notify the	Ron: It looks like Jane has not received these questions.. Let me know where they are in terms of being answered.. Thanks!. Ben. This message and any attachments are intended for the individual or entity named above.	This message and any attachments are intended for the individual or entity named above.	If you are not the intended recipient, please do not read, copy, use or disclose this communication to others; also please notify the sender by replying to this message, and then delete it from your system.
Please make any changes you want and return.	All,. Here is the latest draft.	Here is the latest draft.	Please make any changes you want and return.
In particular, please take a look at the following paragraphs:	Mary:. Attached is the latest draft from Chase.	Attached is the latest draft from Chase.	In particular, please take a look at the following paragraphs:
Please check that Elliot is actually working from time to time.	Hi Kate,. Thanks for the email.. Sorry it s taken me a while to respond but it s chaos here as we prepare to head off for the next part of our trip today.. Glad to hear the glow of the screen still has you enthralled.. Keep hitting F9 and all will be well.. The bit when the screen flashes like a disco ball means your pay is being cut.. I hope all those hideous applications I built that you were using haven t blown sky high.. But you know I did put little bugs in all of those things so that they would stop working about 4 months after I left.. Sorry!. I neede to ensure there would be work for me to do when/if I come back.. Your plans for a summer escape sound fun.. But what you should really do is come out to Jackson with Elliot at the beginning of May.. We re planning a debauched weekend here right after we finish a section of the trip.. Should be fun.. Just the thing for relieving stress from staring at the screen.. By the way, have you seen the movie Office Space?. I d recommend it.	I d recommend it.	Please check that Elliot is actually working from time to time.
Please bring your thoughts and material to take	Group, Just a quick reminder.. We have a meeting April 11 at 4:30 in the afternoon.. We will review ytd performance of the group, areas where we are doing well, and areas for improviement.	We will review ytd performance of the group, areas where we are doing well, and areas for improviement.	Please bring your thoughts and material to take notes.
Will you please do it, Colin?			Will you please do it, Colin?
please contact PJM  at 610 - 666-2270.	Message sent from the pjm-customer-info mailing list at pjm-customer-info majordomo.pjm.com:. The new PJM Enhanced Energy Scheduler EES will go into production at 10:00 this morning 4/17/00 at https://ees.pjm.com/mui/index.htm .. Schedules may be submitted for energy that begins on or after tomorrow, 4/18/00.	Schedules may be submitted for energy that begins on or after tomorrow, 4/18/00.	For questions please contact PJM at PHONE .
Please review the attached product description for a product that Sean Cran	Christian/ Steve:	Christian/ Steve:	Please review the attached product description for a product that Sean Cran dall would like to offer on EnronOnline.
Please only reply to the	To all who keep responding to this message.....	To all who keep responding to this message.....	Please only reply to the original requester!!!
Maria, I won t have a chance to look at this until Friday--pls take a look			Maria, I won t have a chance to look at this until Friday--pls take a look and get back to Bill.
To enroll, please send a fax to Mary Rice at 617 576 8763 or send an e-mail to	Title: Mexico and Multiservice Contracts: What s the Deal?. URL s :. http://www.cera.com/eprofile?u 35 m 2812;. http://www.cera.com/eprofile?u 35 m 2813;. Dear Mexico Gas and Power Client,. As you might be aware, Pemex is proposing a new type of service contract as a way to increase E P investment in nonassociated gas in the Burgos basin.. Originally, CERA was planning to have a luncheon in December to discuss the current status of these integrated contracts.. Our intention was to invite key individuals from Pemex to discuss the proposed contracts with our clients.. Pemex has informed us, however, that they are unable to discuss the service contracts with the private sector prior to their formal announcement of the service contract structure.. Until this constraint has been resolved, CERA has decided to have a conference call detailed below.. We look forward to your participation.. Regards,. Mexico Gas and Power. TOPICS. Overview of proposed service contract structure. Assessing the attractiveness of the contracts. Expectations of future investment under proposed structure. FORMAT. Our speakers will address this topic for 30 minutes, with accompanying graphics presented on the Internet, followed by an open question and answer period.. Speakers Sondra Scott, CERA Director, Latin America. Alejandro Gonzalez, CERA Associate, Latin America. Time:. 3:00 P.M. Eastern Time, Wednesday, December 5, 2001.. Eligibility:. Clients eligible to participate in this conference call are those who subscribe to the CERA Mexico Gas and Power and Latin America Upstream Retainer Advisory Services.. TO ENROLL	TO ENROLL	To enroll, please send a fax to Mary Rice at PHONE or send an e-mail to mrice cera.com before 5:00 P.M.EST, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 4, 2001.
yes, send me his resume,etc			yes, send me his resume,etc
regarding early close procedures, please call Fred Tantao 299-2045, Rob	Notice 01-157 May 14, 2001. TO: ALL NYMEX/COMEX DIVISION MEMBERS ALL NYMEX/COMEX DIVISION MEMBER FIRMS ALL NYMEX/COMEX DIVISION CLEARING FIRMS ALL NYMEX/COMEX DIVISION OPERATION MANAGERS. FROM: Stu Smith, Senior Vice President, Operations. RE: Exchange Early Contract Closing Schedule for May 25, 2001. Please be advised that the Exchange will close markets earlier on Friday, May 25, 2001, the business day preceding Memorial Day.. The following early contract closing schedule will be implemented:. NYMEX DIVISION. Commodity Closing Range. Palladium Futures 11:58 a.m. - 12:00 noon Platinum Futures and Options 12:08 p.m. - 12:10 p.m.. Heating Oil Futures and Options 12:58 p.m. - 1:00 p.m.. Unleaded Gasoline Futures and Options 12:58 p.m. - 1:00 p.m.. Crack Gas Crack Heat Options 12:58 p.m. - 1:00 p.m. Propane Futures 12:58 p.m. - 1:00 p.m. Crude Oil Futures and Options 12:58 p.m. - 1:00 p.m. Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Options 12:58 p.m. - 1:00 p.m. Permian Pool Natural Gas Futures 12:58 p.m. - 1:00 p.m. Alberta Natural Gas Futures 12:58 p.m. - 1:00 p.m. Gulf Coast Gasoline Futures 12:58 p.m. - 1:00 p.m.. COMEX DIVISION. Aluminum Futures and Options 11:59 a.m. - 12:00 noon Copper Futures and Options 12:04 p.m. - 12:05 p.m. Silver Futures and Options 12:04 p.m. - 12:05 p.m. Gold Futures and Options 12:09 p.m. - 12:10 p.m.. The Eurotop 100 300 contracts will conduct normal trading hours.. The NYMEX Late Submissions Area is scheduled to close at 2:30 p.m. and the NYMEX Trade Correction Area will close at 3:15 p.m., the TMS trade allocation screens will be available until 4:30 p.m.. The COMEX Division s OLTE System will be available for corrections until 2:30 p.m.	The COMEX Division s OLTE System will be available for corrections until 2:30 p.m.	In the event that you require additional time to process work, or have questions regarding early close procedures, please call Fred Tantao PHONE , Rob Stasi PHONE , George Henderson PHONE , Les Faison PHONE NYMEX Division or Michael Campanelli PHONE , David Sherman PHONE COMEX Division .
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Deborah Zinn 2017 North Greenwood St. Pueblo, CO 81003 dzinn werple.net.au. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Gerald-Please clean up these two Transaction Agreements.			Gerald-Please clean up these two Transaction Agreements.
emoved from this daily email     please reply to this email with the words	09. IMAGE Syncrasy, LLC? PHONE Off PHONE Fax 909 Tex as Avenue Suite 1314 Houston, TX 77002 www.syncrasy.com S ales: PHONE Development Offices: PHONE Off PHONE Fax 835 Main Avenue Suite 221 Durango, CO 81301 09 09 IMAGE Complimentary version of Trader Summary from Syncrasy, LLC and APB Energy Inc.	PHONE Off PHONE Fax 909 Tex as Avenue Suite 1314 Houston, TX 77002 www.syncrasy.com S ales: PHONE Development Offices: PHONE Off PHONE Fax 835 Main Avenue Suite 221 Durango, CO 81301 09 09 IMAGE Complimentary version of Trader Summary from Syncrasy, LLC and APB Energy Inc.	IMAGE - If you would like to receive this product early in the mor ning please call Syncrasy at IMAGE PHONE for more information or send an email to subscribe TraderSummary syncrasy.com IMAGE - If you would like to be added to this daily email list please send an ema il to TraderSummaryemail syncrasy.com IMAGE - If you would like to be r emoved from this daily email please reply to this email with the words CANCEL or send an email to cancel tradersummary syncrasy.com Data la st updated: Monday, Dec 24, 2001 at 07:37AM EST IMAGE Congratulations A ndy Weingarten, APB Energy!
Jeff - call me when you get  a minute regarding this.			Jeff - call me when you get a minute regarding this.
Please pay in advance with check or credit card.	Thank you for the invitation.. Mr. Skilling will be travelling on the 19 and therefore unable to attend.. Thanks, Joannie Williamson Assistant to Jeff Skilling PHONE PHONE joannie.williamson enron.com. The Houston Technology Center cordially invites you to attend the. HOUSTON ANGEL NETWORK APRIL. FAST MEETING. Thursday, April 19, 2001. Networking/Registration: 7:00 - 7:30 a.m. Breakfast/Presentations: 7:30 - 8:30 a.m. Networking: 8:30 - 9:00 a.m.. The Houstonian 111 North Post Oak Lane. Please R.S.V.P.. to Kathy Nethercutt: knethercutt houstontech.org or call PHONE no later than April, 2001.. Price to attend is 45.	Price to attend is 45.	Please pay in advance with check or credit card.
Can you help me approve this request?	Ina,	Ina,	Can you help me approve this request?
Therefore, please remind your colleagues to send their requests soon to 20	I would like to attend the event with Secretary Summers.. PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING ANNOUNCEMENT CAREFULLY. Thank you for your interest in attending the program at the Haas School of 20 Business featuring United States Secretary of the Treasury Larry Summers.?. 20 Secretary Summers will be at the Haas School on Wednesday December 6, 2000 as 20 part of the PHONE Haas Business Faculty Research Dialogue.?. His speech 20 will take place in the Haas School 01,s Arthur Andersen Auditorium at 1:45p m.?. 20 Secretary Summers will talk about his experiences as a primary shaper of U. S. 20 economic policy during the past eight years, first as Robert Rubin 01,s dep uty 20 in the first Clinton Administration and later replacing Rubin as Secretary of 20 the Treasury.?. Secretary Summers will also talk about the prospects for 20 continued growth in the U.S. economy under the next presidential 20 administration.. All seats for the program on Wednesday December 6, 2000 will be allocated o n 20 a first-come, first served basis and seating will be limited.?. All Haas 20 School faculty and students are being requested to reserve a seat in the 20 Auditorium by sending an email to researchdialogue haas.berkeley.edu by 20 Monday November 20, as you have done.?. All emailed requests should include a 20 full name as well as Haas School affiliation/class.?. After November 20, sea ts 20 will be made available to other members of the UC Berkeley community.?	After November 20, sea ts 20 will be made available to other members of the UC Berkeley community.?	20 Therefore, please remind your colleagues to send their requests soon to 20 guarantee their seating in the Auditorium.
Relations and Training, please send an e-mail to custsvc pjm.com.	Message sent from the pjm-customer-info mailing list at pjm-customer-info majordomo.pjm.com:. To meet customer requests, PJM has published the PJM Contingency list on the web site at www.pjm.com.. The file can be found under PJM Markets, Market and System Data, under LMP Model Information.. The list contains the approximately 1000 contingencies existing in the PJM Energy Management System.. The contingencies are the possible occurrences against which PJM system operators must protect the transmission system.. Please DO NOT REPLY to this message.	Please DO NOT REPLY to this message.	If you have a question for PJM Customer Relations and Training, please send an e-mail to custsvc pjm.com.
Could you please give Suzanne one so she can send it to me at home?			Linda: Could you please give Suzanne one so she can send it to me at home?
Please look at the data and let me know if	MINANA files of JAN FEB 2002 for FENNER has been loaded.For jan2002 large gaps are there in the data due to turbines not containing full months data and also some turbines started from 22nd jan and other from 27th jan. For JAN 2002 turbine 7 is having less number of records due to duplication of records.. For FEB2002 turbine15 started data from 7th feb were as other turbines are having from 4th feb.That is the reason it is having less number of records.. Total number of records are 51484.	Total number of records are 51484.	Please look at the data and let me know if any problems are there.
Please respond to dchang aer.com			Please respond to dchang aer.com To: Joseph.Hrgovcic enron.com cc: Subject: Re: White Paper
Please review and let me know if you have any questions or comments.	Attached please find my revisions to the power financial swap product.	Attached please find my revisions to the power financial swap product.	Please review and let me know if you have any questions or comments.
Please review the above documents, let me have the buyers names and			Candace, Please review the above documents, let me have the buyers names and addresses and I will complete.
Would you please make sure that someone	John,. thanks for the comments.. Absolutely on the trader comment, I forgot.. I like the ag business and we are looking at several oppts and making a final determination in Q1.. I also think softs is a big oppt that is probably worth pursuing.. More later.. I like the weather idea as well.. On another note, I met this guy when I spoke at the AA Energy symposium.. He runs a power business i think in Portugal.. He has attempted to talk to someone at Enron in Europe but hasn t heard back.. He has given me his email address and requested a contact.	He has given me his email address and requested a contact.	Would you please make sure that someone follows up with him.
please add BNP Paribas to the list - Aronowitz is working on it.			knew i sent it to soon.. please add BNP Paribas to the list - Aronowitz is working on it.
Could you please do a quick review, and then I will pass on to Steve?	Jeff:. About a month ago Ken received a reply from a small business owner in CA to his business outreach letter.. In it, the business man expresses concern about high natural gas prices and asks if owning part of a pipeline is a solution.. I have drafted the attached, and it has gone through Janel.	I have drafted the attached, and it has gone through Janel.	Could you please do a quick review, and then I will pass on to Steve?
Also, please plan for a trip to London in 3-4 weeks.	Iris,. Please, check with Shirley.. She keeps my calendar up to date.. Also, we got a 2nd desk for you with the credit group on the 23rd floor.. You can divide your time bet the 19th floor and the 23rd floor to stay in touch with the business unit.. Please, check with Vasant and he will introduce you to the credit team here in Houston Jeff Kinneman, Craig Chaney .	Please, check with Vasant and he will introduce you to the credit team here in Houston Jeff Kinneman, Craig Chaney .	Also, please plan for a trip to London in 3-4 weeks.
Can you send me your suggestions on 20	Contact Steve Walton. Dear Steve,. Once again, I call on you for advice.. Who, within Enron, should I talk with 20 about a new project I am working on, related to real-time balancing 20 operations and markets all the messy stuff that causes so many problems 20 within all the existing ISOs ?. Here is the outline for the project.	Here is the outline for the project.	Can you send me your suggestions on 20 revising the outline, other people at Enron and elsewhere to contact 20 related to these markets, and written materials on how the various ISO 20 markets operate.
Please check our books.			Please check our books.
Please use the same language here.	a We have used language Catequil Partners, LP for example where the MAC applies first the S P rating, if no S P rating exists, then Moody s, then if Enron has no rating from either agency.	a We have used language Catequil Partners, LP for example where the MAC applies first the S P rating, if no S P rating exists, then Moody s, then if Enron has no rating from either agency.	Please use the same language here.
Please get back to me and Mike with the results of	Maria, please take a look at this list of Reference Entities and the attached memo.. I doubt we have any reason to knock out any of the listed entities based on legal controversies, etc., but its worth a check .. From the attached memo, it looks like a more likely reason to disqualify an entity would be credit problems or some other commercial issue.. I m in a bind today and out the rest of the week so it would be helpful if you could pick this ball up in my absence.	I m in a bind today and out the rest of the week so it would be helpful if you could pick this ball up in my absence.	Please get back to me and Mike with the results of your analysis.
Please take a moment to respond to the attached survey.			Please take a moment to respond to the attached survey.
t:  please print for me.  thanks.			t: please print for me.
Can you send me a copy of Bruce s response.	Barbara,. I have not had a chance to print out and review the follow, but judging from its sensitive nature, I felt it best to put you in the loop and seek your counsel as soon as possible.. Steve. Steve, Please see Brian Redmond note to Brenda below regarding meeting with MidCon to talk about their imbalances with Reliant Energy.. This could possible open both parties up to a torturous interference argument with Reliant Energy.. Do you agree?. If so, we need to nix meeting idea.. Brenda,	Brenda,	Can you send me a copy of Bruce s response.
Please remove me from this list.			Please remove me from this list.
Please send this information to me at the following address:	Pursuant to our telephone conversation, please provide me with whatever information you deem necessary to evidence the referenced account with your Company, including but not limited to the account agreement, the account number, wire transfer information an any other relevant information for our file.	Pursuant to our telephone conversation, please provide me with whatever information you deem necessary to evidence the referenced account with your Company, including but not limited to the account agreement, the account number, wire transfer information an any other relevant information for our file.	Please send this information to me at the following address:
Please give me a quick update on the status of the Lumberton and	Heather, I did receive the Ash Handling Agreement from Bill White and I am reviewing and should have comments shortly.. I have not received the Coal Handling Agreement yet from Kris attorney.. Gerald,. Please give me an update on the redrafting of the ReUse agreements.. I thought you told me that their attorneys were drafting, but from this e-mail I don t think Kris Johnson is aware of that.. Please follow up with their attorneys and let me know when to expect a new draft.. Regards,. Heather Kroll. Forwarded by Heather Kroll/HOU/ECT on 02/27/2001 04:24 PM. Heather:	Heather:	Please give me a quick update on the status of the Lumberton and Elizabethtown coal and ash contracts from Enron s perspective.
Please have your estimates in by 12:00  11:00 CST  Wednesday.	Good Morning,. Please provide your estimate for this week s AGA storage survey.. Here are this week s stats:	Here are this week s stats:	AGA Last Year 102 5 yr AVG 58 Lifetime High PHONE Lifetime Low 32 2000 Gas in STGE 1502 5yr AVG 1023 /- to 2001 754 /- to 5yr AVG 479 Please have your estimates in by 12:00 11:00 CST Wednesday.
Please return to me ASAP.	fyi - can you tell me who we re missing?. A few of you still need to return your signed 2000 performance reviews to me.	A few of you still need to return your signed 2000 performance reviews to me.	Please return to me ASAP.
Please take a look at the slides and give me any feedback you	Chris -. We have gathered the information from the Gas Team as to what the procedures are for rounding up contracts.. These details are illustrated in the attached PowerPoint presentation.. I am assuming that the Gas approach will serve as the basic model of the Power roundup activities, with minor adjustments, depending on such things as regions, number of contracts, and the like.	I am assuming that the Gas approach will serve as the basic model of the Power roundup activities, with minor adjustments, depending on such things as regions, number of contracts, and the like.	Please take a look at the slides and give me any feedback you feel necessary.
Per Gregg Penman s reccomendation, please coordinate with Kay Mann on who	Sheila,. Attached is the edited Master Purchase and Sale document AKA the affiliate document between PGL/MEH.. Please review and provide comments back PGL s attorney Simon Halfin, email: S.Halfin pecorp.com, phone PHONE .	Please review and provide comments back PGL s attorney Simon Halfin, email: S.Halfin pecorp.com, phone PHONE .	Per Gregg Penman s reccomendation, please coordinate with Kay Mann on who from Enron is representing MEH on this document.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Warwick Young 2089 Key Blvd.. El Cerrito, CA 94530 weyoung earthlink.net. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please call me with any questions ypu may have.	Heather,. Attached is an Excel file containg deals with Dow over the last three years.	Attached is an Excel file containg deals with Dow over the last three years.	Please call me with any questions ypu may have.
Please set the following vacation days for me on the schedule:  March 19 to			Please set the following vacation days for me on the schedule: March 19 to 23.
I m out tomorrow, please follow up with her.	Also, I left a voicemail with Beth Perlman on Rob Bogucki s guy.	Also, I left a voicemail with Beth Perlman on Rob Bogucki s guy.	I m out tomorrow, please follow up with her.
Please respond to  loughrid rice.edu	Dennis,. Thanks for you message.. I shall send you more information regarding the dinner later this week.. Christie Patrick, who is in charge of our university liaison unit, is making arrangements for the evening at the Enron Field.. Hopefully, we shall be able to combine dinner with a game.. Vince	Vince	Dennis W. Loughridge loughrid ruf.rice.edu on 04/30/2001 10:49:10 AM Please respond to loughrid rice.edu To: Vince.J.Kaminski enron.com cc: Subject: RE: ALP presentation
If I left someone off, please forward to them and invite to call.	Attached is an email form Duke outlining the topics for Monday s 1:30 pm call.. Please review the attached email and compare to the group my email went to.	Please review the attached email and compare to the group my email went to.	If I left someone off, please forward to them and invite to call.
give Anne or me a call at the toll free number below or email us.	Hi Larry,. We haven t heard from you for a while and wanted to check back with you.. Have you made a purchase yet?. If so, we would appreciate a reply to this message telling us you have already purchased so we will know not to send any more follow up messages.. If you are still shopping, is there anything we can do to help you with your buying decision?. Our goal is to help you make an informed decision that you will be happy with for years to come.. Remember, since we don t own these stones, we are your personal diamonds consultants who will work to find the very best diamond for you at a great price.	Remember, since we don t own these stones, we are your personal diamonds consultants who will work to find the very best diamond for you at a great price.	If you have any questions about diamonds or the diamond buying process please give Anne or me a call at the toll free number below or email us.
questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at  713  345-8897 or me	At the request of John Cummings, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.. If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no PHONE .. I will then have it executed by Clickpaper.com.	I will then have it executed by Clickpaper.com.	If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at PHONE or me at PHONE .
Can you call me	Dear Vince,. I just left voice mail for you.. We are interested in obtaining copies of the papers you ll be using as the basis for your presentations on Thursday and Friday so that we can get these materials distributed.	We are interested in obtaining copies of the papers you ll be using as the basis for your presentations on Thursday and Friday so that we can get these materials distributed.	Can you call me at PHONE so we can discuss this?
it and fax it back to me at 713 965 2114 at your earliest convenience.	Vince: I am very enthusiastic about your interest and possible contributions towards a 22nd Century human blood system.. I have attached a letter that discusses the endeavor.. Please note that it has a built-in automatic release in the event you need to terminate.. It has a confidentiality statement as well.	It has a confidentiality statement as well.	If it is acceptable, please sign it and fax it back to me at PHONE at your earliest convenience.
Please RSVP  to Cynthia Gonter at 345-7404 by Monday at 10:00 AM			Enron Cycling Club Meeting Tuesday, April 4 11:30 - 12:30 EB 49C1 We re having lunch Please RSVP to Cynthia Gonter at PHONE by Monday at 10:00 AM
80 for offpeak on 4/13   4/14....please verify and correct if necessary.			Kate Stan, Deal 579038.1 Enron is showing 85 for the offpeak load on 4/13 4/14..... APX is showing 80 for offpeak on 4/13 4/14....please verify and correct if necessary.
Chris Spears -- please put a copy of this email in your TGT files.	I spoke again this morning to Pamela Brumbaugh at Texas Gas Transmission about contract T018176.. This contract was acquired by capacity release from SIGCORP ENERGY.. Since ENA failed to pay the bill for November 2001 production, then TGT s tariff allows them to go back to the original contract party -- SIGCORP ENERGY to get payment.. So TGT reversed the demand charges on our invoice and in turn sent an invoice to SIGCORP for this November 2001 production demand payment.. Thus it would appear that eventually ENA would have to make payment to SIGCORP Energy, but as this winds thru the bankruptcy proceedings, this issue will need to get clarified.	Thus it would appear that eventually ENA would have to make payment to SIGCORP Energy, but as this winds thru the bankruptcy proceedings, this issue will need to get clarified.	Chris Spears -- please put a copy of this email in your TGT files.
If Lysa isn t there yet, would you please download these for me?			If Lysa isn t there yet, would you please download these for me?
Please print two and sign if in agreement and	Further to our conversation, attached is an Amendment to the existing GISB concerning confirming party.	Further to our conversation, attached is an Amendment to the existing GISB concerning confirming party.	Please print two and sign if in agreement and forward to my attention at the location below.
Give me a call at 713-853-6320	Congrats Murli,. Sorry it s taken me so long to get back to you.. I m glad you accepted a job at Enron.. I know you ll enjoy it.. As far as ECI goes, what group is this?. Is this the Communications group?. I would not recommend EES however.. I think you re experience would be better at ECT now ENA or Enron Communications.	I think you re experience would be better at ECT now ENA or Enron Communications.	Give me a call at PHONE W and we can talk.
In your email response, please state you will be attending the	San Francisco Study Group Members and Cal-ISO Market Participants, October 9th Meeting - Security Information A meeting of the San Francisco Study Group has been scheduled for Tuesday October 9, 2001.. This meeting is being held to discuss both the status of various transmission and generation projects in the San Francisco Area, as well as the initiation of new transmission system studies related to the San Francisco Area.. The meeting will be held in Conference room 300 on the third floor of PG E s 77 Beale Street building in San Francisco.. The meeting is scheduled from 10 AM to 3 PM.. As a prudent response to the tragic events of Sept 11th, PG E has increased security measures at its 77 Beale/245 Market complex.. These measures necessitate the following for attendance to the Oct 9th, San Francisco Planning Group meeting: Please RSVP by no later than close of business, Wednesday, Oct 3rd to Dalisay Ledy Torres at email preferred address DST2 pge.com or 4 PHONE .	These measures necessitate the following for attendance to the Oct 9th, San Francisco Planning Group meeting: Please RSVP by no later than close of business, Wednesday, Oct 3rd to Dalisay Ledy Torres at email preferred address DST2 pge.com or 4 PHONE .	In your email response, please state you will be attending the Oct 9th San Francisco Planning Group meeting and who you will be representing.
Please review and confirm	A team of key executives from Enron will be on campus on the 19th of October for the purposes of meeting with key staff and faculty to learn more about the School and how the firm can gain a greater presence here.. Included in this group will be:. Vince Kaminski, Director of Research. Christie Patrick, VP, University Relations. Mike Rosen, Director, University Affairs Group. I have developed a proposed agenda for the visit.	I have developed a proposed agenda for the visit.	Please review and confirm that you are available to meet with one or more of the Enron Team at the times specified.
Please forward this	Hi Jeff,. Please find below SCE s proposal to settle past Direct Access Credit issues and determine the Direct Access Credit going forward.	Please find below SCE s proposal to settle past Direct Access Credit issues and determine the Direct Access Credit going forward.	Please forward this to any other Enron participants to review prior to our conference call with John Fielder, November 1, 2001, 11:00 a.m. PST.
Please review and make	Kal: As we discussed, enclosed is a draft of the letter.	Kal: As we discussed, enclosed is a draft of the letter.	Please review and make sure that I have accurately described what will take place and if you find acceptable, please forward on.
Also please Sort the Book Id by risk type  ie IMCan-Erms-xl-GDL, then	Kathy,. I spoke with the system administrators today and they gave me several more guidelines for the text files.. 1 The Book ID must be an existing book Please use the same book id every day .	1 The Book ID must be an existing book Please use the same book id every day .	Also please Sort the Book Id by risk type ie IMCan-Erms-xl-GDL, then IMCAN-ERMS-XL-PHY, then IMCAN-ERMS-XL-PRC.
Please plan to attend a meeting , Friday, October 26  3:00 in EB 3259.			Please plan to attend a meeting , Friday, October 26 3:00 in EB 3259.
Please step forward and volunteer for this position!	AN OPPORTUNITY TO SERVE YOUR UNIVERSITY AS COORDINATOR OF THE KANSAS STATE UNIVERSITY HOUSTON ALUMNI CLUB Job Description 1.. Coordinate all activities of the Houston Alumni Club which includes chairing the core committee, planning for the football and basketball watch parties and the annual the barbecue dinner.. 2.. Oversee fund raising to perpetuate the 1000 yearly scholarship given by the Club.. Past fund raising has been through the sale of the Houston Alumni Club shirts and caps and the raffle, silent and live auction at the annual dinner.. 3.. Serve as liaison between the Alumni Association and the local membership.. Welcome new alums to the Houston area.. Leadership conferences provided by the Association are available for training and exchange of ideas.. Alumni Association staff are the best resource for the leaders.	Alumni Association staff are the best resource for the leaders.	Please step forward and volunteer for this position!
Please print both	Attached you will find the interview packet for the above-referenced person.. The interview will happen Tuesday, March 13, 2001 .	The interview will happen Tuesday, March 13, 2001 .	Please print both documents for your hard copies.
Please can you send a confidentiality agreement to Mark as we have a meeting			Please can you send a confidentiality agreement to Mark as we have a meeting tomorrow morning at 9am.
To register, return this email or print it off and fax to 713/659-6424 as	NESA Members: It s that time again and you re invited!. HEA s last event of the millennium will be held November 14, 2000 Tuesday at Garden in the Heights, 3926 Feagan from 5:00 p.m. - 8:00 p.m. 10 for HEA/NESA Members; 15 for Non-Member Guests.. Admission guarantees you some of the industry s best chili and all the beer you need to wash it down!. Or, if you can stand the competition, put your own team together and try for Best Chili and Best Presentation Awards.. 75 per team, includes fees for 5 members per team.. There is room for 20 teams only, so don t delay!. Rules are attached.	Rules are attached.	To register, return this email or print it off and fax to 713/ PHONE as soon as possible.
554166.01 Mallory, please ch Cp name to BP Energy Co	Kate-. Apb checkout Badeer missing deals: Enron Buys Relaint 290.00 Apr SP15 on peak 25 mws believe deal 553809.01, need to ch bro to apb Enron Sells Reliant 310.00 Apr NP15 on peak 25 mws believe deal 553810.01, need to ch bro to apb	Apb checkout Badeer missing deals: Enron Buys Relaint 290.00 Apr SP15 on peak 25 mws believe deal 553809.01, need to ch bro to apb Enron Sells Reliant 310.00 Apr NP15 on peak 25 mws believe deal 553810.01, need to ch bro to apb	554166.01 Mallory, please ch Cp name to BP Energy Co
With respect to the Wellhead Desk/St. Mary s ticket, please also convert the			linda.roberts enron.com, jill.zivley enron.com, melissa.graves enron.com, bob.hall enron.com, lia.halstead enron.com, william.kelly enron.com, robert.crockett enron.com X-From: George Weissman X-To: Judy Townsend X-cc: Susan W Pereira, Gary Bryan, Eric Moon, John Griffith, Eric Wardle, Linda Roberts, Jill T Zivley, Melissa Graves, Bob M Hall, Lia Halstead, William Kelly, Robert Crockett X-bcc: X-Folder: John Griffith Nov2001 Notes Folders Vpp Brazos lp X-Origin: GRIFFITH-J X-FileName: jgriffit.nsf
to discuss the above further please call me in the office on 44 207 783 5326	William,. I work in the London tax group and Dale has asked me to send a few lines to explain the position with respect to the internal FX products to be offered via EOL.. 1.. The internal FX products offered by the FX desk in London will be offered by RMT acting through the UK regulated agent EEFT.. The activities of the FX desk in London are currently covered by a services agreement between EEFT and ENA this will be extended to include RMT for internal trades .. 2.. The internal FX products offered by the FX desk in Tokyo will need to be offered by Enron Japan Corp KK.. Note that Enron Japan Corp KK will then back the transactions into RMT, leaving a spread in Enron Japan Corp KK of 2.5bps.. A couple of comments on the difference in structure between Tokyo and London - we established that a services agreement structure would not be acceptable for Japanese tax purposes.. This is why we are recommending a back to back structure using Enron Japan Corp KK.. We pushed the Japanese tax advisors very hard on this point, because this structure will also be needed for external trades - there are a number of knock on effects, such as potentially increased credit costs, more ISDAs since external parties dealing with Tokyo will be dealing with Enron Japan Corp KK and not ENA .. because this is a cross border transaction the spread left in Japan needs to approximate the spread which would be earned by an unrelated party executing similar transactions - the spread of 2.5bps was provided to us by Enron Japan based on their review of market spreads.. Note it should be possible to ensure that this spread rolls up to Global Markets for management reporting purposes, whilst leaving it in Japan for financial and legal purposes.. I can therefore confirm that for Tax all remaining questions have now been addressed, so there is no reason for further delay from our side.	I can therefore confirm that for Tax all remaining questions have now been addressed, so there is no reason for further delay from our side.	If you need to discuss the above further please call me in the office on PHONE or on my mobile 44 77 88 43 71 95.
In order to confirm your free delegate pass for the event, please respond to	Dear Michelle:. Thank you for registering for the Weather Trading Europe prize draw sponsored by Corporate Insurance and Risk.. We re pleased to let you know that your name has been drawn as one of the winners.	We re pleased to let you know that your name has been drawn as one of the winners.	In order to confirm your free delegate pass for the event, please respond to this email with all your contact details.
Vince, when you send us your half, will you please provide us with the	Vince and Grant, ?. Can you please send us your excel spreadsheets that were used for generated the graphs??. We will need to edit them so that they will look like the graphs in the rest of the book.. ?	?	Vince, when you send us your half, will you please provide us with the references and footnotes?
CAn you please sort out.	Further to Louise s suggestion:. On selecting Create Price Limit Order from the submission window, a link should appear titled How Price Limit Orders Work .. Suggest a location immediately below the bar containing the Create Submission and Create Price Limit Order buttons.. When this link is pressed, a popup window should appear containing the following text:. Price Limit Orders allow you to place an offer to buy or sell at a price which is not currently available.. If the price you specified becomes available on EnronOnline, the system will automatically try to fill your submission and a transaction may result.. Your submission may be filled partially or completely depending on the volume available.. This submission will remain active until the earlier of i the expiration of the hours and minutes you specify in your submission, ii Your cancellation by highlighting the submision and pressing the cancel button on the main screen , or iii the end of the day.. The submission will not be withdrawn by your logout.. Price limit orders are processed automatically by price and then by timestamp.. Therefore, if other price limit orders for the same price have been submitted before yours, then they will be filled before your submission is filled.. This can result in other transactions completing at the same price as your price limit order, while your price limit order does not complete.. DAve - this won t work its too long - you need a phrase - How this works which is a hyper text link to the majority of this wording	DAve - this won t work its too long - you need a phrase - How this works which is a hyper text link to the majority of this wording	CAn you please sort out.
you need further assistance, please call me   5-3317.	Please find the attached list of accomplishments for Barbara N. Gray.	Please find the attached list of accomplishments for Barbara N. Gray.	Should you need further assistance, please call me 5-3317.
Kay, can you set up a one hour to half an hour with each if possible.			Kay, can you set up a one hour to half an hour with each if possible.
Houston at that time, so could you please jot me a note telling me what would	Sandeep,. I am meeting Jeff on Tuesday, 1:30.. The best number to reach me outside the office is my cell phone always on : PHONE .. My home number is PHONE .. Vince. Vince,. Before leaving for India I just wanted to jot you this small reminder to talk to Jeff Shankman on Monday.. Aside from myself, I wanted to remind you to talk about Anshuman Shrivastava, who is currently Assistant Manager in India, and has my recommendation for promotion to Manager.. He is our point person on many DPC matters, and is also the person I have used on most fuel related issues.. He will be a real asset to Jeff when located in HOuston.. Sinc he is single, and quite young, it will not be a problem to move him here at short notice.. I will call you from India as soon as I get in.	I will call you from India as soon as I get in.	It will be Monday evening in Houston at that time, so could you please jot me a note telling me what would be a good number to call you on.
Please respond to Jennifer			Please respond to Jennifer
Please do me and Bob Fisher in the Transport Settlements group a huge	Darren,. Thanks for the clarification!. Kathy. We should not be paying Tenaska s Lone Star transport for Sep. That should be paid by Tenaska IV.. We took over the payments with October production.. D. Hi Guys,	Hi Guys,	Please do me and Bob Fisher in the Transport Settlements group a huge favor......Please let us know when the TXU/Lonestar transport deals for Tenaska IV Texas Partners have been entered into Path Manager for September 2000 .
Could you please coordinate with Sara s and Richard s assistant to set up a			Suzanne: Could you please coordinate with Sara s and Richard s assistant to set up a 30 minute meeting with me, Sara and Richard Sanders to talk about the arbitration issues that I raised in an e-mail to him last week?
Fran, please update Leonards Review with the attached comments.			Fran, please update Leonards Review with the attached comments.
Please respond to  epao mba2002.hbs.edu	fill in per/share	fill in per/share	Eva Pao epao mba2002.hbs.edu on 05/13/2001 02:39:23 PM Please respond to epao mba2002.hbs.edu To: John.Arnold enron.com cc: Subject: RE: Extra credit
Please, forward to the Research Group and confirm I shall come.	Shirley,	Shirley,	Please, forward to the Research Group and confirm I shall come.
Please review and revise as appropriate.	The following provisions are proposed to be added into the Confirms for the 20 Firm GTC.	The following provisions are proposed to be added into the Confirms for the 20 Firm GTC.	Please review and revise as appropriate.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Leigh Clemons 355 Seyburn Drive Baton Rouge, LA 70808 robearin yahoo.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Can you re submit me the utilities in Alberta including gas.	Eric	Eric	Can you re submit me the utilities in Alberta including gas.
Please provide any changes to me by 9:00 am  CST  on Thursday, July 6.	This one came after the one you sent which I commented on by voice mail but is even worse.. I hope it was an earlier draft rather than a later one.. Attached is a draft press release announcing the first metals trade on EOL.	Attached is a draft press release announcing the first metals trade on EOL.	Please provide any changes to me by 9:00 am CST on Thursday, July 6.
Please review and advise what needs to be done, if anything, to get this executed.	Good Morning, Enclosed is a draft of a GISB for Utility Resource Solutions, LP.. They have done some small physical volumes secured by a pre-pay, but are interested in establishing a more developed relationship.. As such, they want to enter into a GISB with Enron.. This is their copy forwarded through Jay Reitmeyer.	This is their copy forwarded through Jay Reitmeyer.	Please review and advise what needs to be done, if anything, to get this executed.
Please test and let me know if there are any problems.	All,. I have modified Deal Liquidation as follows new version in stage .. 1.. You can now query based on counterparty and phys/fin in addition to specifying a deal number 2.. You no longer need to provide the leg of the deal.. Specifying the peer will grab all of the legs.. 3.. The new splitting process will work as follows.. If the entire deal is prior to the termination date inclusive , then nothing is done to the deal.. If the entire deal is after the termination date exclusive , then the desk is simply changed to East Bank or West Bank.. If the deal crosses the termination date boundary, the deal is copied as follows: For the original deal: All legs prior to the termination date inclusive are not changed.. All legs after the termination date exclusive are killed.. All legs crossing over the termination date are truncated.. This includes deleting strips starting after the date and truncating strips that cross over the date.. For the new deal: This deal will be in one of the Bankruptcy books All legs prior to the termination date inclusive are not copied.. All legs after the termination date exclusive are copied as is - no strips are changed.. Any legs crossing over the termination date are copied and modified to reside solely after the date.. This includes deleting strips that end prior to the date and modifying strips that cross over the date.. These changes should allow you to perform all of the tasks necessary to close out deals with any counterparty.	These changes should allow you to perform all of the tasks necessary to close out deals with any counterparty.	Please test and let me know if there are any problems.
correct the invoice for this deal and let me know when you send it out.	Hi Gang.. Doug found my mistake and the correct price is 4.6913.. I changed the price in Sirara.. Sorry Jeff.. Forwarded by Chris Germany/HOU/ECT on 07/14/2000 03:40 PM. This deal is gas ENA sold to CES for Energy Express.. The daily volume was 10,322 dth a total of 309,660 for the month .. The price is CGAS IF .0175 Variable .02 demand for ENA transport. I just changed the price in Sitara.. My calculation shows a price of 4.6738.. Jeff, I apologize for this if you have sent out the invoice already.	Jeff, I apologize for this if you have sent out the invoice already.	Please correct the invoice for this deal and let me know when you send it out.
Could you please ask Greg if DP can	Hi Carolyn,. GE has asked for an explanation of the relationship of Pegasus to Delta Power in other words, the equity structure .	GE has asked for an explanation of the relationship of Pegasus to Delta Power in other words, the equity structure .	Could you please ask Greg if DP can send an email with that explanation, so that I can pass it along to GE.
Can you check with Mike and verify this because I confirmed this differently	Correction ref 490710 Miek Swerzbin Prebon is showing Enron as the buyer and Sempra as the seller.. Kate,. for ref 490710 Mike Swerzbin Prebon just sent over a confirm and the broker is showing Enron as the seller and Sempra as the buyer.. for ref 490640 Mike Swerzbin Prebon just sent over a confirm and the broker is showing Enron as the buyer and Sempra as the seller	for ref 490640 Mike Swerzbin Prebon just sent over a confirm and the broker is showing Enron as the buyer and Sempra as the seller	Can you check with Mike and verify this because I confirmed this differently with Prebon.
Please notify us	Nice touch, sending this the day after the letter agreement was signed.. Can you enlighten me on the ENA procedures and sensitivities to these types of docs?. Thanks,. Kay. Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 04/06/2001 09:14 AM. This e-mail is confidential and may well also be legally privileged.. If you have received it in error, you are on notice of its status.	If you have received it in error, you are on notice of its status.	Please notify us immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message from your system.
Please provide a copy to your boss and with a good	Larry, Here s my resume.	Larry, Here s my resume.	Please provide a copy to your boss and with a good recommendation!
Give me a call when you have the packet ready.	Amelia,	Amelia,	Give me a call when you have the packet ready.
Can you help them?	Christie,. I am forwarding you a message I have received from the University of Houston.	I am forwarding you a message I have received from the University of Houston.	Can you help them?
Can you please give their attorney a call.	Teresa,. By copy of this email, I am asking Stephanie Panus, another Paralegal in our group, to handle this for you as I am on working on a special project this week.. Stephanie, per Teresa s voicemail, Cinergy is very interested in getting a financial master in place to trade with us ASAP.	Stephanie, per Teresa s voicemail, Cinergy is very interested in getting a financial master in place to trade with us ASAP.	Can you please give their attorney a call.
Would you please work with Oasis to get	Marlene,. I m reviewing the amendments to the Oasis contracts that you have forwarded to me.. I have also completed the Assignment ENA to HPL for the following contracts:. ASSIGNED GAS TRANSPORTATION CONTRACTS. 2 Firm Intrastate Gas Transportation PHONE 2/1/99 Agreement. 3 Netting Agreement confirmed only PHONE 1/1/99. 4 Interruptible Intrastate Gas PHONE 8/1/99 Transportation Agreement. 5 Parking documented PHONE 4 7/1/98. 6 Interruptible NGPA Section PHONE 5 11/1/97 Gas Transportation Agreement. The only outstanding issue is that the Netting Agreement PHONE and the Parking Agreement PHONE are not papered.. In order to assign the documents they need to be papered.	In order to assign the documents they need to be papered.	Would you please work with Oasis to get these papered as they are the transporter.
Please fax a copy to me at 713-646-8420 and I will compare them to	I think we need to remove some of the demand charges that have been set up for Williams and Apache.. On Williams deal 384237, the demand charge needs to be removed from Sept. 2000.. The demand charge should not have started until October 2000.. Because we did not know at the time what was happening with this deal, the demand fee was inadvertently paid to Williams for Sept. and we need to recoup our money.. On Apache deal 384247, James thinks we need to remove the demand charge completely.. He says it is not a part of the deal and Apache is not billing us for it.. We also need to talk about the pricing on both of these deals.. Williams and Apache are billing us less than what we have in Sitara.. To be able to keep this desk at zero, Jim Pond does not want me to use pay the lesser of for the purchases, so we need to address the price differences.. You said you had some contract briefs that supported our prices.	You said you had some contract briefs that supported our prices.	Please fax a copy to me at PHONE and I will compare them to what James has.
Please call me  713 345 7566  or Rose  713 345 7726  with questions, or we	Good morning,. We have made some revisions to the consent agreement.. I did not redline the changes since we were looking at two different documents yesterday.. We added language concerning material adverse event and the need for the financing to occur before the consent is effective.. We could not include Paul s request concerning compelling the Owner to take action.	We could not include Paul s request concerning compelling the Owner to take action.	Please call me PHONE or Rose PHONE with questions, or we can address it in our 130 CST phone call.
Please review the list	The revised Facility Emergency Call List is attached.	The revised Facility Emergency Call List is attached.	Please review the list for content, and forward any changes to me via separate e-mail.
Please verify that New Power	According to my records, New Power has 140,099 dt s of CGAS capacity.. On the 22nd, we scheduled 143,400 dt s on deal 502957.	On the 22nd, we scheduled 143,400 dt s on deal 502957.	Please verify that New Power took 143,400 dt s on the 22nd, its ok, I just need to do a price adjustment.
turn a draft of the ISDA Schedules, so please make this a priority.	Susan: Could you please when you return on Monday circulate a list of issues that we need to discuss regarding the forms?. Susan Flynn was keeping track of some of those issues after you left.	Susan Flynn was keeping track of some of those issues after you left.	I would like to try to get those issues addressed next week with the people that we need to talk to so that we can turn a draft of the ISDA Schedules, so please make this a priority.
Please use the following address for Lewis Energy instead:	Gerald,	Gerald,	Please use the following address for Lewis Energy instead:
Rosie - please print and have signed.			Rosie - please print and have signed.
Will you send us a copy of the termination when it is sent to Grupo MINSA?	Hi, Gordon!	Hi, Gordon!	Will you send us a copy of the termination when it is sent to Grupo MINSA?
Could you forward this to Jon?	Thanks.. Do you have some free time today?. I m not sure about our schedule, but if we have free time which matches up with you, I would like to spend some time discussing the issues.. Kay. Kay:. Thanks for the update.. I thought I d reply so you would have my e-mail address available.. NOTICE: This e-mail, including attachments, contains information that is confidential and it may be protected by the attorney/client or other privileges.. This e-mail, including attachments, constitutes non-public information intended to be conveyed only to the designated recipient s .. If you are not an intended recipient, please delete this e-mail, incluidng attachments, and notify me by return mail, e-mail or at PHONE .. The unauthorized use, dissemination, distribution or reproduction of this e-mail, inclduing attachments, is prohibited and may be unlawful.. Jon R. Mostel LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene MacRae, LLP 125 West 55th Street New York, N.Y. 10019 Tel.. : PHONE Fax: PHONE jrmostel llgm.com. Kay.Mann enron.com 02/01/01 09:36AM Hi John,. Mark and I are still working at the hotel, waiting to hear from the counterparty.	Mark and I are still working at the hotel, waiting to hear from the counterparty.	Could you forward this to Jon?
Can you help me with this one?			Can you help me with this one?
IMAGE     To receive our e-mails in a text-only format, please reply to    this message and type  change to text  in the subject field.	Dress only Was 88.00 NOW 34.99 IMAGE IMAGE Say yes, you ll be there!. IMAGE IMAGE Accept any invitation.. The theater, lunch, dinner in .. .. .. or out.. With so many looks to choose from, you can be ready at a moment s notice.. Outlet the Creek will have you going places looking your very best!. IMAGE Dress set Was 168.00 NOW 74.99 IMAGE Keep your options open.. Click the link below.. Outlet the Creek http://www.coldwatercreek.com/jump.asp?linkid 1019 OfferCode WHA1068 More than 100 dresses up to 70 off IMAGE Outlet the Creek IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE Dress only Was 48.00 NOW 29.99 Dress Was 58.00 NOW 29.99 Dress Was 148.00 NOW 59.99 Dress Was 128.00 NOW 49.99 Dress Was 48.00 NOW 19.99 Coldwater Creek.. Your kind of clothes.. Online.. All the time.. IMAGE IMAGE Privacy, Security, Service http://www.coldwatercreek.com/jump.asp?linkid 1100 OfferCode WHA1068 At Coldwater Creek, earning and keeping your trust is the standard for everything we do.	IMAGE IMAGE Privacy, Security, Service http://www.coldwatercreek.com/jump.asp?linkid 1100 OfferCode WHA1068 At Coldwater Creek, earning and keeping your trust is the standard for everything we do.	IMAGE To receive our e-mails in a text-only format, please reply to this message and type change to text in the subject field.
-- please come back to me with any questions you may have.	I m providing you this to keep you informed on the marketing services deal being pitched to the operator of a Norfolk VA. garbage burning facility.. Below are a letter of intent and attached term sheet being made into clean copies and circulated this evening to SPSA for their review and signature.. Heather Hearn and the Services Desk folks are involved.	Heather Hearn and the Services Desk folks are involved.	It is interesting -- please come back to me with any questions you may have.
Please email me your draft of the confirm.			Please email me your draft of the confirm.
Please review the meeting notes for the requirements of GTV II phase 2 in the	Geof,	Geof,	Please review the meeting notes for the requirements of GTV II phase 2 in the attached file.
please send this info to Shirley for Darron since he is out.			please send this info to Shirley for Darron since he is out.
Please dial  805  240-9673, passcode remains the same-666897.	For those of you calling outside of the U.S., I have a new number for you to use.	For those of you calling outside of the U.S., I have a new number for you to use.	Please dial PHONE , passcode remains the same-666897.
Daren or Stacey:  Could you please extend deal  169625 for meter 1520 for			Daren or Stacey: Could you please extend deal 169625 for meter 1520 for Feb. 2000?
Dan:  Please copy Mark on all future corro on this -- he s our resident CFTC	Mark: Here s the only stuff I have on the mattter I mentioned to you Tuesday.. The meeting is currently set for 8/29 in Houston.	The meeting is currently set for 8/29 in Houston.	Dan: Please copy Mark on all future corro on this -- he s our resident CFTC expert, among other things.
Please give me your comments ASAP.			Please give me your comments ASAP.
Tana:  Please review these pages for corrections and insert into original.			Tana: Please review these pages for corrections and insert into original.
Please, send the resume to me.	Aysu	Aysu	Please, send the resume to me.
Please process this request.			Please process this request.
Could you please call and see if they will give you the password?	Richard, Here is the phone number we need to call to get access to the list.	Richard, Here is the phone number we need to call to get access to the list.	Could you please call and see if they will give you the password?
to remove yourself from this list please send email to	Welcome to the SellOffVacations.com email update, offering you specials and discounted prices not available on our web site.. SellOffVacations.com is Canada s number one on-line vacation web site, offering you discounts on vacation packages by Canada s biggest and best tour companies.. We sell the exact same vacation ... staying at the same hotel ... flying with the same airline ... eating the same food ... drinking the same drinks .... but enjoying yourself that much more knowing that you booked at SellOffVacations.com and you paid much, much less than those who booked elsewhere.. And remember that as a member of TICO ont lic PHONE with SellOffVacations.com your funds are safe should there be an unexpected closure or bankruptcy.. Be aware that if you book your vacation directly with the airlines, cruise lines, hotels and car rental companies your money is most likely unprotected in the event of a bankruptcy.. This week if you make a reservation by CALLING our office using the numbers below you will save an extra 2 on your vacation package when you quote code C3UWTBWMU, that s 2 off the already reduced discount fares found on our web site, book by November 30, 2001.. SellOffVacations.com also handles reservations for Air Canada s Tango and West Jet Airlines ... and remember, with us your funds are protected.. NOW YOU CAN BOOK YOUR FAVORITE HOLIDAY DESTINATIONS ON-LINE - http://www.SellOffVacations.com Your best source for package holidays from Canada! PHONE in the 416 / 905 area or toll free 1-877-Sell-Offs in Canada USA. All reservations handled by: Dream Vacations Inc. Lic PHONE Comments: mailto:comments SellOffVacations.com Mon - Fri 8am to 8pm Sat Sun 9am to 6pm EST Make your reservation on-line 24 hours, 7 days a week !	All reservations handled by: Dream Vacations Inc. Lic PHONE Comments: mailto:comments SellOffVacations.com Mon - Fri 8am to 8pm Sat Sun 9am to 6pm EST Make your reservation on-line 24 hours, 7 days a week !	to remove yourself from this list please send email to mailto:remove selloffvacations.com with the word remove in the subject line
Please share with others.	FYI.. SDG E s advertisements in Union Tribune dealing w/ SDG E s filing at FERC to extend ISO authority to institute price caps.. The ad urges customers to write to Bill Richardson, FERC, and Senators Boxer and Feinstein.. FYI!	FYI!	Please share with others.
response and any additional open items,  please provide input to me and Don	My understanding is that the ABB equipment will most likely be used somewhere other than Calumet due to the noise issue.. It is possible that LM 6000 s will be used on Calumet, resulting in a re-bid of the EPC contract.. However, none of this is etched in stone, and their are active discussions with Peoples about what to do.. I suspect this isn t much help.. Paul probably has better information.. Kay. See previous response on the Calumet Project.. Are we in or out of the deal?. Don. Team The contractors have responded to our technical questions.. We need to review their response and provide additional input as required.. Meetings are scheduled with each beginning Monday July 10.	Meetings are scheduled with each beginning Monday July 10.	Based on the contractors response and any additional open items, please provide input to me and Don Pacer by Thursday evening July 6 so we will be able to close all issues with the contractors at our meetings.
Please read paragraph 7 together with	Phil, Attached please find the first draft of the proposed confidentiality agreement between ena and midcoast.	Phil, Attached please find the first draft of the proposed confidentiality agreement between ena and midcoast.	Please read paragraph 7 together with the definition of Proposed Transaction in the first paragraph to determine if you think the language is sufficient to cover us.
Go ahead and bring the Yates	Do you mean 12,000 at 6789?. If so that s fine.	If so that s fine.	Go ahead and bring the Yates down also.
If Lysa isn t there yet, would you please download these for me?			If Lysa isn t there yet, would you please download these for me?
Remind me when you are down and I will give you that cleansing info.	Hello.. Sorry I didn t get back to you yesterday.. I have been extremely busy.. I am around on that weekend.. I am supposed to be at a conference that weekend.. However if the teachers are still on strike the conference will be cancelled.. Here s hoping!. It will be good to see you guys that weekend.. When you know, give me a shout and let me know what your schedule is like.. We can tee something up around the conference even if it is a go.. I don t know about you but I am really getting sick of this weather!. I want to get out to Banff/Louise and get some skiing/boarding in!	I want to get out to Banff/Louise and get some skiing/boarding in!	Remind me when you are down and I will give you that cleansing info.
When you get a free minute, can you check to see if you have come up			Good morning, John, When you get a free minute, can you check to see if you have come up with any pricing on those winter deals we discussed last week?
If okay, please complete and send.	Please look over the attached document?	Please look over the attached document?	If okay, please complete and send.
Terry, please work with Jean on this.	I definitely think we should let customers know as needed basis.. Someone should certainly talk to ENA.	Someone should certainly talk to ENA.	Terry, please work with Jean on this.
Paul, could you please insure that the network folks have the Tibco install	A walk-thru/demo of this new functionality was held today with the Logistics Managers and representative schedulers from each region except for Texas and Calgary.. The changes were well received and no revisions were requested.. They would like to have the changes migrated to Production the evening of Tuesday, January 18 for use the morning of Wednesday, January 19.	They would like to have the changes migrated to Production the evening of Tuesday, January 18 for use the morning of Wednesday, January 19.	Paul, could you please insure that the network folks have the Tibco install complete by Monday, including Terminal Server.
Jeff/Eric - Please take a look at the e-mail below and help out on the	Section 6.7.2 Invoices should be addressed to:. Enron North America 1400 Smith St Houston, TX 77002 ATTN: Theresa Vos PHONE . Attached in the latest draft of the GE-ENA breakout contract.. The lawyers need a few more items to complete before execution.. Please send to Kay Mann and copy me on responses.	Please send to Kay Mann and copy me on responses.	Jeff/Eric - Please take a look at the e-mail below and help out on the following... accurate description of facitliy-pg 1 questions regarding the exhibits Address for Section 25.1 and 25.3
tweanda, please print this and save as a form.			tweanda, please print this and save as a form.
Can you look around for the fax of this NDA signed by the Counterparty.			Can you look around for the fax of this NDA signed by the Counterparty.
Carlos, can you look through this for NEPCO and get comments back?			Carlos, can you look through this for NEPCO and get comments back?
Can you check to make sure your got all four?	I just did a request to get Angela Davis in the Houston Office and Linda Sietzema and Sharon Crawford in the Calgary offices edit access to the Financial Trading Agreement Database.. I also requested that Marcus Nettelton get edit access to the ENA Legal Online Trading Database.	I also requested that Marcus Nettelton get edit access to the ENA Legal Online Trading Database.	I m not sure if I did the erequest all ok. Can you check to make sure your got all four?
Please contact me if you can inform me on any of the following subjects.	I am working on a report aimed at Energy Marketers that will examine Natural Gas Storage: Effects on Energy Trading.. I am looking for people who can talk about the importance of this subject to power marketers.	I am looking for people who can talk about the importance of this subject to power marketers.	Please contact me if you can inform me on any of the following subjects.
can you also add :National Fuel Marketing Company.  thanks.			Forwarded by Tori Kuykendall/HOU/ECT on 11/08/2000 02:13 PM
Please verify if this is some other	Thanks for fixing that stuff, Stan.. Do you need me to autoschedule the deals?. Kate. Audrey,. Concerning deal 579038: This was a mistake on my part, the price should in fact be 80 as the APX is showing .. I ve fixed the price in Enpower.. Concerning deal 581335: This trade did take place between Enron and Sierra Pacific Industries not the APX .. I mistakenly put that deal in under the wrong counterparty.. I ve fixed the counterparty in Enpower.. I will ask Fran Chang to autoschedule both deals.. Let me know if I need to do anything further.. Thanks, Stan. Kate Stan, Deal 579038.1 Enron is showing 85 for the offpeak load on 4/13 4/14..... APX is showing 80 for offpeak on 4/13 4/14....please verify and correct if necessary.. I have also attached APX invoice per the internet website below for both days.. Deal 581335.1 APX is currently not showing that this deal occurred for 4/16 for offpeak load see screen below at the bottom .	Deal 581335.1 APX is currently not showing that this deal occurred for 4/16 for offpeak load see screen below at the bottom .	Please verify if this is some other c/p s deal.
please reply to this e-mail with the word REMOVE in the	Do you owe money?. Is it getting troublesome keeping track of all those bills and whom you owe how much and when?. Would it not be easier if you could just make 1 monthly payment instead of several?. We can help!. If your debts are 4,000 US or more and you are a United States citizen, you can consolidate your debt into just one easy payment!. You do not have to own a home, nor do you need to take out a loan.. Credit checks are not required!. To receive more information regarding our services, please fill out the form below and return it to us, or provide the necessary information in your response.. There are absolutely no obligations.. All the fields below are required for your application to be processed.. Full Name : Address : City : State : Zip Code : Home Phone : Work Phone : Best Time to Call : E-Mail Address : Estimated Debt Size :. Please allow upto ten business days for application processing.. Thank You	Thank You	Note: If this e-mail arrived to you by error, or you wish to never receive such advertisements from our company, please reply to this e-mail with the word REMOVE in the e-mail subject line.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of	William Seward 124 East 103rd Street New York, NY 10029 teacake31 yahoo.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
My only comment to this is to please make sure the contracts have IMNE and			My only comment to this is to please make sure the contracts have IMNE and IMME as desks since most of them will be market area deliveries.
I didn t see the article but please fax me a copy of the	Ted,. Howdy from Houston.	Howdy from Houston.	I didn t see the article but please fax me a copy of the piece if you have one.
identify yourself, please submit your name and phone number with your lette	This is to remind you that various anonymous reporting facilities are 20 available for you to report violations of Company policy and suspected 20 criminal conduct by any officer, employee, or agent of the Company relating 20 to the performance of his or her duties.. These reporting facilities are al so 20 available for your questions, messages, comments, and suggestions.. Any policy violation or criminal conduct may be reported by letter, E-mail , 20 or voice mail, as set forth below, describing the suspected violation or 20 criminal conduct with as much detail as possible to allow the Company to 20 conduct an investigation of the reported matter.. 1. Letters should be sent to the Confidential Post Office Box: 20. Enron Compliance Officer Confidential - Conduct of Business Affairs 20 P. O.. Box 1188 20 Houston, Texas PHONE . 2.. E-mails should be sent to the Office of the Chairman 01,s E-mail box: 20 Employees with Enron E-mail can access this box by sending an E-mail to the 20 Office of the Chairman.. Simply type 01 Office of the Chairman 018 in the address 20 box, type your message, and send.. Your message will be completely 20 anonymous.. If, however, you copy your message and E-mail it to someone els e, 20 the copy will not be anonymous.. 20. 3.. Voice mail messages should be left with the Office of the Chairman 20 PhoneMail Box.. You can access the Office of the Chairman PhoneMail Box by 20 calling PHONE .. If you call from your extension or an outside line , 20 your message will be completely anonymous.. If, however, you access the 20 PhoneMail Box while you are in the PhoneMail system, your message will not be 20 anonymous.. You may, but are not required to, identify yourself.	You may, but are not required to, identify yourself.	If you would like to 20 identify yourself, please submit your name and phone number with your lette r 20 or message.
questions about this matter please direct them to Mr. Sanders attention.	Andy Edison will be helping you with this matter.. Concerning the payments due Romasdale and all subsequent payments due, Richard Sanders with ENA Legal will contact you next week with instructions on how to proceed in this matter.. I will be out of the office until December 27, 2000.	I will be out of the office until December 27, 2000.	If you have any questions about this matter please direct them to Mr. Sanders attention.
Please make sure that, once Gary signs	Sam,. We are moving forward to execute the ITG Quantex agreement now that the final revisions were approved.. Sheila has forwarded a revised version of the document for Gary Hickerson to sign.	Sheila has forwarded a revised version of the document for Gary Hickerson to sign.	Please make sure that, once Gary signs the two copies, they are both forwarded to Cassandra Shultz for signature.
Sent by Market Operations, inquiries please call the Hour	After the Day ahead market ran, the PDCI TNOB branch group in the S-N direction was changed from 2084 MW to 1904 MW and the ISO Share PNOB was changed from 1407 MW to 1285 MW for HE s 1700 through 2400 for operating day 7/26/01.. The reason for the change is for the Northwest Generation Urgent pump repairs.. The first applicable Hour Ahead market to run with these values is HE 1700.. The ISO will update you of any changes in line rating status.	The ISO will update you of any changes in line rating status.	Sent by Market Operations, inquiries please call the Hour Ahead Desk.
James, would you remain plugged in here, and given the information that Eric and/or Ben may provide, be prepared to give us some rate implications for this capacity addition?	Gentlemen, In addition to looking for ways in which Transwestern can improve mainline deliverability, another important criteria is access to markets.. With the addition of the Calpine South Point project, we have delivery point capacity off the Topock Lateral approaching 1 Bcf/d.. However, we are currently limited to 400,000 Dth/d of capacity in the Topock Lateral itself.. Steve has asked us to look at what facilities/costs would be involved in increasing the deliverability of the Topock Lateral no mainline capacity additions are implied, beyond the addition of Red Rock .. What would be the best/cheapest capacity additions we could make with respect to the Topock Lateral?. Drawing on my vast engineering expertise ha,ha , it seems to me that with the directly connected power plant located approx.. midway along the lateral line, wouldn t a compressor station immediately upstream of Calpine offer us the dual benefit of not only increased lateral capacity, but additional operating flexibility to meet the load curves for the plant?. Anyway, you guys are the experts, but we re asking that you look at a few cases and sketch out the associated costs of increasing the Topock Lateral capacity.. By way of suggested guidelines, I d say that we d like to see cases that provide for not less than 50 MMcf/d of incremental capacity, and not more than a doubling of the current line capacity 400 MMcf/d .. Again, its a cost/benefit sort of analysis, so we re really looking to key in on the cheapest, most economical capacity addition.	Again, its a cost/benefit sort of analysis, so we re really looking to key in on the cheapest, most economical capacity addition.	James, would you remain plugged in here, and given the information that Eric and/or Ben may provide, be prepared to give us some rate implications for this capacity addition?
Please send the docs directly to:  david.onunscheck us.abb.com and michael.o.	Pete,. I m getting comments that people are having trouble opening the ABB docs.	I m getting comments that people are having trouble opening the ABB docs.	Please send the docs directly to: david.onunscheck us.abb.com and michael.o.
company--please fax me a markup with your suggested changes.	Francisco - Here is an ISDA that Peggy needs in connection with a project she is working on in Mexico.. Can you take care of this one?. It looks like it is a deal-specific agreement for an interest rate swap or swaps.. Sara can probably fill you in on the kinds of changes from our standard form that would be ok.. Mark. Attached are some comments from Enron s outside counel on the draft ISDA Master Agreement which I forwarded to you earlier this week.. Could you please advise who is reviewing this document and when their review might be completed.. Thank you for your assistance.. Attached is the email forwarding the draft swap agt with SG.	Attached is the email forwarding the draft swap agt with SG.	Rogelio--please take a look at the docs required in Part 3-- some changes will need to be made I am sure to reflect that EEIM is a Mexican company--please fax me a markup with your suggested changes.
exact people we will be meeting with  can you send along their titles also .	That date is perfect.. Ian will be joining us.. Marc will be also possibly .	Marc will be also possibly .	When do you think you ll have more specifics on timing and the exact people we will be meeting with can you send along their titles also .
Please indicate the ratings for each of your non-exempt employees below and	Steve --. Earlier this week, you received an email from the PEP team which included the Performance Evaluations of your employees, both Exempt and Non-Exempt.. Please remember that the final Performance Evaluations should be completed with your employees, forms signed and returned to me at EB1665B no later than Friday, August 17th.. I will be preparing a report for your use noting the final ratings of your Exempt employees from the PRC meetings and distribute that within the next week.. For your Non-Exempt employees, I have listed below all eligible employees for whom you should complete a Performance Evaluation.. However, I need the rating for each employee so it may be input into the PEP system.. The descriptions for Non-Exempt ratings are defined as:. 1 - Consistently performs above expectations 2 - Meets expectations 3 - Does not meet expectations	1 - Consistently performs above expectations 2 - Meets expectations 3 - Does not meet expectations	Please indicate the ratings for each of your non-exempt employees below and return to me no later than Wednesday, July 11, 2001.
Employees on floors 11, 13, 39, 40, 42, and 43, please attend the floor meeting on Tuesday, February 5, from 2:30 - 3:30 near EB3922.	Please mark your calendar for EGS floor meetings.	Please mark your calendar for EGS floor meetings.	Employees on floors 11, 13, 39, 40, 42, and 43, please attend the floor meeting on Tuesday, February 5, from 2:30 - 3:30 near EB3922.
Please contact me or Brant	Attached is a worksheet for the above referenced.	Attached is a worksheet for the above referenced.	Please contact me or Brant Reves if you need anything.
Please respond via e-mail with any comments.	Matt / Ben:. I am responding to your request for comments on revising path manager by expanding the parameters of the path termination process to include zero volume paths on the last day of the month as a way to speed up Unify response and retrieve times.. Based on my interviews of various desks including AEP and Calgary and our recent discussions, we find a legitimate business need to allow zero volume paths to roll from month to month requirements contracts on wellhead gas .. Following is a recap of what is PROPOSED to be done regarding zero path termination.. 1.. All paths that are zero on the last day of a month exception noted in 2 below will terminate on that day and WILL NO LONGER roll into the following month.. This path termination out function will run every night.. Any paths changed to zero retroactively will zero out future month s paths UNLESS a volume is on that path in the future month.. 2.. Zero Paths marked as always send nominations WILL CONTINUE to roll from month to month until changed to some other nomination option.. It appears that HPL 736 paths and NIGAS 1136 paths might have some paths rolling that no longer need to.. A special one time handling of these paths will be coordinated with the scheduler when you are ready.. 3.. Zero paths which roll from month to month using the Volume Management - Do Not Send function will CEASE to do so.. This was agree to by Patti in regards to paths for OBA tracking.	This was agree to by Patti in regards to paths for OBA tracking.	ALL: Please respond via e-mail with any comments.
Can you add Whalley and/or Andy Zipper to Pedrone s interview schedule.			Hey, Can you add Whalley and/or Andy Zipper to Pedrone s interview schedule.
Please reply to me at samberkovits yahoo.com	Dear Sir,. I understand that Enron has just terminated negotiations with regard to leasing some 1.5 million sq.ft.. of space at Canary Wharf in London.. I would like you to consider the London Dome.. This has sufficient space for all your needs, would provide a high profile location, and I can put together a package which would be financially extremely beneficial to Enron.	This has sufficient space for all your needs, would provide a high profile location, and I can put together a package which would be financially extremely beneficial to Enron.	Please reply to me at samberkovits yahoo.com
Please give me a call	Here is some information that will be of use to you.	Here is some information that will be of use to you.	Please give me a call Wednesday or Thursday to talk about meeting on Friday.
Would you verify if ACA and GRI are	SST and we always assume we are using FTS.. We must have lucked out in June because the commodity variance in June for CGAS was only 4,147.. Is this transport on a SST or FTS contract?. The SST rate is .0225 and the FTS rate is .0227.. Both are inclusive of ACA and GRI. I just entered a commodity rate on deal 299159.. It has very big volumes on it each month and there has not been a commodity rate on it.. Joanne just verified that this is regular transport, not Dayton or CALP.. This will be a big OA variance for June - August.. This deal is for deliveries to Storage.	This deal is for deliveries to Storage.	Would you verify if ACA and GRI are billed for storage deliveries please?
the dreaded busy signal, check out the Internet Answering Machine	could you please print this out for me.. greatly indebted.. Jeff,. THIS is the new Harvey Hogan paper now a Chandley Harvey Hogan paper .. It was attached to SDG E s comments.. Tim H., Steve:. This is another view of the market from another set of heavy hitters.. All:. Launch it rather than view it.. Alan. Forwarded by Alan Comnes/PDX/ECT on 11/29/2000 04:37 PM. WIN A DIGITAL CAMERA....TELL YOUR FRIENDS ABOUT CALLWAVE!. Get the details here: http://www.callwave.com/tellyourfriends.shtml?r faxemail. HEY!. Did you know CallWave has a great NEW FREE SERVICE available?	Did you know CallWave has a great NEW FREE SERVICE available?	If you re missing phone calls while surfing the Internet, or if you ve ever tried reaching someone who s online and gotten the dreaded busy signal, check out the Internet Answering Machine at http://www.callwave.com/?r fwemail
Please reference the order tracking number.	Dear Mr. LARRY CAMPBELL:. Thank you for your order.. You bought 10 JNPR May 80 Call at 0.250000.. ORDER DETAILS: The tracking number for this order is: N-600-AABF-8088 Order entered at: 14:28:35 on 05/08/01 Order processing began at: 14:28:36 Order executed at: 14:28:41 on 05/08/01. You will receive a printed Datek Online confirmation by postal mail, or by electronic delivery if you are subscribed to that service.. Questions regarding this transaction?. Contact our Customer Support department by e-mailing support datek.com.	Contact our Customer Support department by e-mailing support datek.com.	Please reference the order tracking number.
Please review again and	Jeff and John,. Attached is the most recent draft of the reorg announcement.. Cathy will have this ready to go out tomorrow, close of business.	Cathy will have this ready to go out tomorrow, close of business.	Please review again and mark up any changes that you believe are required.
At your earliest convenience, please add the new Storage flag to all your			At your earliest convenience, please add the new Storage flag to all your Storage deals.
Please call Twanda Sweet to set up a time  853-9402	Mark Haedicke and I would like to talk to her.. Lauren Prescott sent her resume to Chuck Cheek and she is scheduled to talk to them.. I have left a message with him to find out when Cheryl is going to be in the building.	I have left a message with him to find out when Cheryl is going to be in the building.	Please call Twanda Sweet to set up a time PHONE
Please RSVP to me!	I can t make it.. I have another PRC to do.. Non-replies at this time: Saunders, Hayslett, Lev. I think we had Afflerbach, Jolibois and Keiser as drivers.. I can take three.. Please contact the others for rides as soon as possible.. I will be parked in front of building at 11:15 am to pick up.. Maggie took her group to the same restaurant on Monday and was quite pleased.. Forwarded by John Keiser/FGT/Enron on 12/13/2000 09:28 AM. In Between Holidays, Post Budget, Post Election, Post Ballot Recount s , Pre-Election Results Determination, Pre-Reorganization Celebratory Extravaganza:. How about lunch?. Place: Maggiano s Little Italy, 2019 Post Oak Blvd., between Westheimer and San Felipe, on east side of street.. Thursday, December 14th 11:30 am We need a few drivers.	Thursday, December 14th 11:30 am We need a few drivers.	Please RSVP to me!
Rick, please keep me posted with Bill s efforts.	Rick/Jim, I agree with Emilio that we have a great project supporter in the Governor.. He clearly understood the importance of having a gas project, sooner rather than later, and that we are not requesting any special treatment, in terms of taxes, royalties, as opposed to our competing project, the Venezuelan LNG.. Moreover, we recognized that this project, due to the pricing formula defined with PDVSA, will likely pay a higher price for the gas than the domestic market will and never lower and therefore is good business for Venezuela.. In the conversation with the Minister of Energy and Mines he was even willing to call Chavez at that very same moment , the Minister acknowledged that no decision, either positive or negative, was already made.. The roadblock is the availability of gas, which under very conservative scenarios analyzed by Petroleos de Venezuela, is not such.. The decision, therefore, is political.. I think it was an excellent meeting.. Thye governor even suggested additional businesses such as arranging the financing for a stadium, in the way we did with the Enron field, and also the purchase of fertilizer this is one of the most important states in terms of agriculture .. I will forward this info to the appropriate people.. In an unrelated matter, I am working on a proposal to the Venezuelan Gov t, through the Ministry of Energy and Mines, to sell some power plants that ENA is desperatedly trying to sell.. I wrote a proposal for several machines, with the support of the owners, and they showed interest in a used one.. 35 MM US .. I ll keep you posted.. I understand from Emilio Vicens that Chavez has not responded to Bill Richardson s letter yet.. A follow-up phone call should follow.	A follow-up phone call should follow.	Rick, please keep me posted with Bill s efforts.
further information is required then please call Mark Walker at 661	Executive Summary. The attached file, Clearskypavout0302, contains the production and availability data based on Visupro recorded data.. The turbine production in March and Jan are within 0.3 of the substation value assuming a 2 line loss.. February is still lower than the substation after all of the corrections used in March and January were applied.. The turbines which had a meter reset in March were 17, 44, 59, and 93.. The meter resets were corrected for.. Also corrected were turbines 32 and 42 which had a communication loss at the beginning of March and turbines 69, 70, 71, 77, 82 - 93, 96, 100, 102, 103, 104-109, and 113-122 which had a communication loss at the end of March.. A final correction was made to turbine 42 which had an improper Visupro address during the early part of March.. The availability rose above 90 even though the production was disappointing due to frequent curtailments.. There were no corrections for force majeure because no force majeure was indicated in the Daily Reports.. The grid outage log information was added to the attached file for cross reference.	The grid outage log information was added to the attached file for cross reference.	If any further information is required then please call Mark Walker at PHONE .
Please send the PSA to my attention at	Nick,. Your mark-ups look fine.	Your mark-ups look fine.	Please send the PSA to my attention at
Please work with Tom Riley to coordinate.	Sue --. Here is the list of key customers in CA that may support our efforts.	Here is the list of key customers in CA that may support our efforts.	Please work with Tom Riley to coordinate.
fill out the form below and return it to us, or provide the	Do you owe money?. Is it getting troublesome keeping track of all those bills and whom you owe how much and when?. Would it not be easier if you could just make 1 monthly payment instead of several?. We can help!. If your debts are 4,000 US or more and you are a United States citizen, you can consolidate your debt into just one easy payment!. You do not have to own a home, nor do you need to take out a loan.. Credit checks are not required!	Credit checks are not required!	To receive more information regarding our services, please fill out the form below and return it to us, or provide the necessary information in your response.
Please acknowledge your acceptance of the terms of this letter, by signing in	Carol St. Clair EB 38 PHONE Phone PHONE Fax. Russell: Here is what their letter should say to us:. Reference is made to the Guaranty Agreement dated as of September 1, 1998 from American Central Gas Companies, Inc. Guarantor for the benefit of Enron North America Corp. Enron .. By letter addressed to you dated April 6, 2000 the Termination Letter , Guarantor terminated its obligations under the Guaranty.. The purpose of this letter is to notify Enron that such Termination Letter is null and void such that no termination of the Guaranty by Guarantor has occurred.. In addition, Guarantor hereby agrees to amend the Guaranty by 1 changing the amount set forth in Section 1 b from 1,000,000 to 2,000,000 and 2 by changing the text of the fourth paragraph in Section 6 to read as follows: This Guaranty shall terminate on the date such date being the Termination Date that is the earlier of a July , 2000 or b the effective date of any written notice of termination sent by Guarantor as set forth below.. Guarantor may terminate this Guaranty by providing written notice of such termination to ECT and upon the effectiveness of such termination, Guarantor shall have no further liability hereunder, except as provided in the last sentence of this paragraph.. No such termination by Guarantor shall be effective until five 5 days after receipt by ECT of such termination notice.. No termination of this Guaranty pursuant to the provisions of this paragraph shall affect Guarantor s liability with respect to any Transaction as defined in the Contracts entered into prior to the Termination Date, which Transaction shall remain guaranteed pursuant to the terms of this Guaranty.	No termination of this Guaranty pursuant to the provisions of this paragraph shall affect Guarantor s liability with respect to any Transaction as defined in the Contracts entered into prior to the Termination Date, which Transaction shall remain guaranteed pursuant to the terms of this Guaranty.	Please acknowledge your acceptance of the terms of this letter, by signing in the space provided below.
but please mark your calendars!	I should have included the two of you in this message.	I should have included the two of you in this message.	More info to come, but please mark your calendars!
Please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m., Friday, May	STEVE KEAN. Executive Committee Weekly Meeting. Conf.. Call: AT T lines have been reserved.. Please contact Sherri Sera 713/ PHONE or Suzanne Danz 713/ PHONE for the weekly dial-in number and passcode.. Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and through what medium.. Yes, I will attend in person X. By video conference from. By conference call. No, I will not attend	No, I will not attend	Please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m., Friday, May 25.
do a separate one for ag trading, could you put my on the distribution on	No problema!. per our discussion	per our discussion	if you integrate this into your existing exchange trading report, or if you do a separate one for ag trading, could you put my on the distribution on whatever report has the ag activity -- thanks, Bob
Please get a copy of this new  Final  to Ken Lay.	Lora:. This is the new Final version.. The difference from the earlier version is - a few slides were taken out and the order of the remaining slides were rearranged.	The difference from the earlier version is - a few slides were taken out and the order of the remaining slides were rearranged.	Please get a copy of this new Final to Ken Lay.
Please, call Duane with the info.	Zimin,	Zimin,	Please, call Duane with the info.
Please call Heather or me with any questions.	I just spoke with Heather Dunton in Risk, and she said they ve had problems valuing index forward deals that settle at the last 5-day NYMEX average.. So to remedy the situation, they re taking a fifth of the volume out of the deal each day, beginning five days prior to the expiry date.. In this case, the expiry date is 4/25/01, so they began with taking 5 MW out of deal 585480 and putting it into a fixed price forward deal - 586775.. Each day Heather will take another fifth of the volume in 585480 and put it into 586775, and she ll average the fixed prices each day to eventually end up with the last 5-day average.. That s the long and short of why this new forward deal - 586775 - doesn t need to be confirmed.. Our position with Deseret stays the same - it s just split between two deals temporarily.	Our position with Deseret stays the same - it s just split between two deals temporarily.	Please call Heather or me with any questions.
In addition to this, please sort the location level  zones  under Houston	Nagesh ,. I would like to have the CPR Position Manager resorted for the Texas/HPLC screen as Follows:. Houston Pipe Line East Texas Gas Systems NNGB Humble Gas Pipeline Oasis Pipeline Company PG E Valero PG E TECO Remaining pipelines in alphabetical order.	Houston Pipe Line East Texas Gas Systems NNGB Humble Gas Pipeline Oasis Pipeline Company PG E Valero PG E TECO Remaining pipelines in alphabetical order.	In addition to this, please sort the location level zones under Houston Pipeline as follows:
Also, please email me	Karen,. It appears to me that revisions were made to this agreement, and the agreement was presented to the counterparty for signature without me being consulted.. Perhaps you did email this to me and I can t locate the electonic file.. In any event, in the future, please call me on the telephone BEFORE revisions are made to documents and presented to the counterparty.. If you can t reach me by phone, send me an explanatory email.	If you can t reach me by phone, send me an explanatory email.	Also, please email me redlines against prior drafts.
Please review and advise if there is any problem with you obtaining signature	The attached is a letter agreement reflecting the resolution of certain issues with Westinhouse relating to the Gleason and Wheatland projects.. It also reflects that Enron isn t going to go after SWPC for a return of an option payment for the Blue Girl equipment.. SWPC has requested that everybody sign on the dotted line, including NEPCO, EEPC and my dog Jack.	SWPC has requested that everybody sign on the dotted line, including NEPCO, EEPC and my dog Jack.	Please review and advise if there is any problem with you obtaining signature for your respective groups.
please reply to this email with your full name, phone	Something EVERY business needs, a Merchant Account!. A Merchant Account is the hardware and software which gives you the ability to allow customers to pay using any credit card such as Visa, Master Card, American Express, Discover etc., and other forms of payment such as e-Checks, Debit Cards and secure Internet based payment.. We offer several different packages, any of which can be custom tailored to your needs.. Services are currently provided to the United States only.	Services are currently provided to the United States only.	To make a purchase or ask questions regarding our services, please reply to this email with your full name, phone number with area code and if possible a good time to have us contact you.
Please take me off of this distribution.			Please take me off of this distribution.
Please Contact Us	New Version 8 of the IntercontinentalExchangeTMIs Now Available !. ATTENTION ALL TRADERS.. We are pleased to announce the release of Version 8 of the IntercontinentalExchangeTM.. This latest version has many powerful new features including: Quick Ticket Order Entry A Market Maker Window Options Spreads Custom Strip Options on WTI and Brent 1st Line Swaps Weather Derivatives Products New Portfolio Management Functions New Multi-Transaction Printing Trade Ticker Full Day Summary An Asterisk Marker Option on Derived Legs of Spreads. Version 8 comprises Intercontinental s latest development initiative to bring better anonymous, two-way, OTC energy products trading to the electronic marketplace.. Installation of Version 8 is Easy Version 8 will be available for download and installation on your system this evening, Thursday, November 15th.. Live trading with Version 8 will begin on November 16th.. We have already notified your System Administrators of this new release and provided them with download and installation instructions.. Version 8 is backward compatible with version 7.37 and version 7.72.. This means you will still be able to run these older production versions of the IntercontinentalExchangeTM, if you choose to do so.. However, since many of the new features, and products like option spreads, custom option strips and weather swaps are only available on version 8, we suggest that you contact your system administrator now, to ensure you will be getting all the benefits that version 8 has to offer as soon as possible.. Get the Version 8 Release Notes For more information about the features and functionality of Version 8, you can download a copy of the Release Notes from our website.. To do this: 1 Go to the IntercontinentalExchange website at at www.intcx.com and click the Downloads tab on the Main Menu.. 2 When the login page appears, enter your production ID and Password in the fields provided 3 Click the Release Notes tab on the menu and then click the link for version 8 Release Notes.	2 When the login page appears, enter your production ID and Password in the fields provided 3 Click the Release Notes tab on the menu and then click the link for version 8 Release Notes.	Please Contact Us We encourage you to contact one of our account representatives with any questions, comments, or problems you may encounter with Version 8.
Please call me at X30649.	Vince, if there are some differences that we need to correct, you and I can meet tomorrow when you bring the contract in.. I am available anytime after lunch.	I am available anytime after lunch.	Please call me at X30649.
Please forward the revised draft of the GE Consent to Winston   Strawn	This is the language in front of GE.. I am optimistic that they will agree to this language.. Kay. Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 12/14/2000 09:28 AM. Winston Strawn has asked that the following be added to the Consents to Assignment e.g., in the Successors and Assigns paragraph :. WestLB is an express third-party beneficiary of this Consent.	WestLB is an express third-party beneficiary of this Consent.	Please forward the revised draft of the GE Consent to Winston Strawn toxley winston.com .
return email, please verify that you received this message and let us know if	This is o.k.. for Ken Lay, but we are changing to a more uniform address, so would likely be better to use kenneth.lay enron.com.. This is a test email send of the WPO Forum Group from Richard Everett.	This is a test email send of the WPO Forum Group from Richard Everett.	By return email, please verify that you received this message and let us know if there is another email address that you prefer us to use.
Please read the attached correspondence from Brent regarding the controls and			Please read the attached correspondence from Brent regarding the controls and standards we have been discussing.
Please review the attached letter of intent for S P and Citibank.			Mark, Please review the attached letter of intent for S P and Citibank.
Could you extend this deal thru the 30th so that I	Deal 276494 ended June 15, but there is additional flow on meter 9602 from the 16th thru the 30th.	Deal 276494 ended June 15, but there is additional flow on meter 9602 from the 16th thru the 30th.	Could you extend this deal thru the 30th so that I can have Vol.
Please move the deals.	Randy,. Why is there a PG E Citygate position in Mgmt-West?. Were these positions created in the last week or so?. Can you print a forwards detail and move these deals into FT-PGE?. Do not just transfer at mid market.	Do not just transfer at mid market.	Please move the deals.
Please read the note.	Your workouts are attached.	Your workouts are attached.	Please read the note.
Also, please send me your -re-rating of these individuals.	Below you will find the list of employees that you have been slated to represent at the Global Accounting PRC on Tuesday, June 27.. This list was compiled based on information available.. If you have additions and delitions please send them to me.	If you have additions and delitions please send them to me.	Also, please send me your -re-rating of these individuals.
derek can you forward me the e-mail for the management conference?			derek can you forward me the e-mail for the management conference?
Can you take care	Hi Charlotte,. We ve been invited to someone s house for dinner on Feb 2.	We ve been invited to someone s house for dinner on Feb 2.	Can you take care of Michael?
Please contact your AP	Rick Causey recently announced a new online purchase and payment tool called iBuyit.. One of the special iBuyit components is an automated accounts payable feature that will improve the way you code and approve invoices.. As of May 1, you will be able to access iBuyit Payables and ?. choose budget codes from simple drop down menus ?. receive e-mail when you have an invoice that needs to be coded and/or approved; and ?. view an electronic image of the actual invoice. These improvements will help you assign codes more accurately and will reduce the time you spend processing invoices for payment.. The AP tool will also begin to eliminate the need for coding sheets or other paper information currently in use.. This tool will provide us the opportunity to transition our Houston-based AP processing functions to a third party, SourceNet Solutions.. This transition is expected to be completed by August 2001.. You will hear more about the iBuyit initiative, features of the AP tool and training opportunities in the coming weeks.	You will hear more about the iBuyit initiative, features of the AP tool and training opportunities in the coming weeks.	Please contact your AP representative if you have any questions.
Please call me at x36709 if there are questions	Attached is the TW Top Ten Shippers by Revenues for the year 2001 to be reported in the Browncover report.. Note:. Total transportation invoiced for 2001 was 180.9m.. The amount of transportation revenues recorded in the general ledger is 165.9m.. This difference is mainly due to the following: 10.0m - negotiated rates reserve Reliant,Sempra, Richardson, Astr,and BP Energy - collected 2.7m - SoCal rate issue - not collected 1.8m - additional month of PGE revenues due to prepayment invoicing beginning in 2001 - collected Revenues for these customers were adjusted according.. Also, revenues for the shippers acquiring released volumes from PGE at rates above TW s tariff rates were adjusted accordingly.	Also, revenues for the shippers acquiring released volumes from PGE at rates above TW s tariff rates were adjusted accordingly.	Please call me at x36709 if there are questions
this CP but if it does not, please revise the matrix.	Both the master matrix and EnronOnline datamanager have been updated as per the note below.. Frank. Please revise the profile for San Diego Gas Electric Company so that this CP i can both purchase and sell US Western power products and ii can neither purchase nor sell US Eastern power products via EOL.	Please revise the profile for San Diego Gas Electric Company so that this CP i can both purchase and sell US Western power products and ii can neither purchase nor sell US Eastern power products via EOL.	Rhonda: I m pretty certain that the matrix already designates the WSPP for this CP but if it does not, please revise the matrix.
Could you resend it?	buffalo BUF-uh-lo noun, plural buffalo or buffaloes or buffalos. 1.. Any of several oxlike Old World mammals of the family Bovidae, such as the water buffalo and Cape buffalo.. The North American bison, Bison bison.. 2.. The buffalo fish.. verb tr.. 1.. To intimidate, as by a display of confidence or authority.. 2.. To deceive; hoodwink.. 3.. To confuse; bewilder.. Italian bufalo, or Portuguese, or Spanish bufalo, from Late Latin bufalus, from Latin bubalus, from Greek boubalos.. Moe Howard Paul Ben-Victor , the supposed brains of the act, is easily buffaloed by studio bosses.. Terry Kelleher, Picks Pans: Tube, People, Apr 24, 2000.. This week s theme: animal words that are used figuratively.. ............................................................................. Heaven is under our feet as well as over our heads.. -Henry David Thoreau, naturalist and author PHONE . Q: Some time ago you featured a quote about foo in AWAD.	Q: Some time ago you featured a quote about foo in AWAD.	Could you resend it?
Please confirm my opinion with Stuart/Chris Meyer to make sure that we have			Please confirm my opinion with Stuart/Chris Meyer to make sure that we have not granted any interconnection rights to Northern Border/Peoples.
Please reply when your last day file is complete and don t forget to provide	West is done.. DG. Hey ya ll,	Hey ya ll,	Please reply when your last day file is complete and don t forget to provide me with your Economics Detail and Summary Level Reports.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Jacqueline Robertson 3612 W. Pearl Av.. Tampa, FL 33611 jverni4399 aol.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please reference the order tracking number.	Dear Mr. LARRY CAMPBELL:. Thank you for your order.. You bought 80 shares of BRCD Brocade Communications Sys I Com at 245 13/16.. ORDER DETAILS: The tracking number for this order is: B-300-AAYM-8378 Order entered at: 14:36:12 on 11/02/00 Order processing began at: 14:36:12 Order executed at: 14:36:13 on 11/02/00. You will receive a printed Datek Online confirmation by postal mail, or by electronic delivery if you are subscribed to that service.. Questions regarding this transaction?. Contact our Customer Support department by e-mailing support datek.com.	Contact our Customer Support department by e-mailing support datek.com.	Please reference the order tracking number.
Please review the attached email and compare to the group my email went	I think you got this but here it is anyway.. Ben. Attached is an email form Duke outlining the topics for Monday s 1:30 pm call.	Attached is an email form Duke outlining the topics for Monday s 1:30 pm call.	Please review the attached email and compare to the group my email went to.
If someone has some suggestions about FERC language, please send them to me	Leslie, thank you for your comments.. From my understanding, we have a need for the following:. 1.. Talking points directed to a CA audience similar to the number of one-pagers we have already done for CA 2.. Talking points to circulate on the Hill 3.. Points to include in a presentation to FERC on the 24th. It is not clear to me whether we should produce one document that fills all of these needs or if we need more than one document.. Perhaps, as Leslie mentioned in her message below, we should add some FERC-level solutions to this document and use it for several purposes.	Perhaps, as Leslie mentioned in her message below, we should add some FERC-level solutions to this document and use it for several purposes.	If someone has some suggestions about FERC language, please send them to me or call me and I will incorporate them and recirculate the document.
Please review the language under B of Contract Price of the Transaction Agreement to see if it isn t sufficient to cover the concept under item 8 of Pasadena Usage under your term sheet.			Please review the language under B of Contract Price of the Transaction Agreement to see if it isn t sufficient to cover the concept under item 8 of Pasadena Usage under your term sheet.
Please set it up for tomorrow, Wednesday, at 9 AM PDT, for one	Could you please set up a conference call and send the information to the list below?	Could you please set up a conference call and send the information to the list below?	Please set it up for tomorrow, Wednesday, at 9 AM PDT, for one hour.
Please try to check this	Envision is DocView s replacement.. Below are a few tips I hope will make using Envision a easier for you.. The GO TO Function is located at the bottom of the page between the green directional arrows Page where document is displayed .. When using the GO TO Function please type in the page number you would like to go to and press the TAB key.. If you press the Enter key it will temporarily lock your application and it will be necessary to end the task causing an illegal logoff meaning your password will need to be reset or your must wait 20 minutes to log back in.. It is important to keep your temp directory clean.	It is important to keep your temp directory clean.	Please try to check this before you open any applications.
Please send one to	Marie, also as per below re: ECI, please get a copy of the tax i.d.. form from Stephanie.. Also can someone please send a copy to me for my file.. Cheryl Nelson Senior Counsel EB38 PHONE http://gss.enron.com/. Marie, I am forwarding to you for Brokerage files. 1.. A copy of the executed copy of the Javelin Technologies Agreement that was faxed to me.. We need to follow up to get the original.. In the meantime, we ll put this doc in the executed file.. 2.. A copy of the ECI - Bear Stearns guaranty that I had faxed to the office while I was in New York.. Also, Stephanie, reminder that I believe that we still have not sent a signed Tax Form to Bear re: Enron Credit Inc. although we did so for Morgan .. In any case, Mike Bruegel at Bear says he does not have it.	In any case, Mike Bruegel at Bear says he does not have it.	Please send one to him.
Brent, can you bring me up to date, please?			Brent, can you bring me up to date, please?
Please send fax numbers	Phone is busy so ..... Will have agreement shortly.	Phone is busy so ..... Will have agreement shortly.	Please send fax numbers no electronic copy where you want it sent.
To reserve a seat, please call Stephanie E. Taylor at	eSource presents Global Access training. Global Access offers an online connection to complete company information and filings via content that includes Disclosure, Worldscope, Datastream and I/B/E/S.. The product is designed to allow users to get complete company information such as financials, filings, databases and news for thousands of US and International companies from a single source.. Training Agenda Includes: ?. General Introduction.. ?. Basic Reference View Query Which provides an itemized list of all available source data.. ?. Basic Business View Query Which pulls source data from various Global Access content, and displays it in a presentation summary .. Attend our Global Access Clinic: May.. Seats fill up fast!	Seats fill up fast!	To reserve a seat, please call Stephanie E. Taylor at 5-7928 Check the eSource training page at http://esource.enron.com/training.doc for additional training sessions and vendor presentations
Would you please send me a copy of the  Schedule I  listing of transactions	Tracy:. Thanks for your continued assistance in this transaction.	Thanks for your continued assistance in this transaction.	Would you please send me a copy of the Schedule I listing of transactions which were transferred to Allegheny?
to Tana, can you please review this and provide your comments to Suzzi.	Mary,. Per my voice mail to you, I am updating you on the status of the ISDA s we have sent to Engage:. 1 Engage Energy US, LP: I spoke to Luke Mickum, the legal person at Engage US PHONE , this morning.. He is looking into what issues need to be reviewed/discussed.. According to Carol there are no open issues.. If that is the case can we send executed copy s of the ISDA to him for signature.. Before it is sent off, we need to make sure the correct changes have been made to the Credit Annex, as the credit support provider has changed from my original credit worksheet.. I am not sure if Carol had made those changes in her drafts.. 2 Engage Energy Canada, LP According to the Lotus Notes Database, the draft amendment of this contract was also sent to Luke, although he is the US lawyer.. A draft needs to be sent to the Canadian Lawyer, Suzzi Sethi PHONE .. She sent us a draft guaranty for review with the guarantor West Coast Gas Inc.. This counterparty is the new guarantor for Engage Canada and the ISDA Credt Annex needs to be updated accordingly.. Once again, we need to make sure the Credit information is still correct in the original draft.	Once again, we need to make sure the Credit information is still correct in the original draft.	I have given a copy of the guaranty to Tana, can you please review this and provide your comments to Suzzi.
April:  Could you please distribute this to the office?			April: Could you please distribute this to the office?
please get back to me at your earliest convenience with your thoughts on settlement and the conference.	as i previously reported, all of the other defendants settled with the plaintiff.. significantly, their settlement included the dismissal of the most onerous contract counts 1 thru 4 against the enron defendants as well.. today we received a host of such notices from the court reflecting these developments.. in addition, the court ordered a settlement conference for December 12 at 1:30, and specifically ordered that all clients be present.. we accordingly need at this juncture to discuss your posture as to settlement.. we also need to know whether you think you should attend this conference, and if so, whether the date works for you.. if not, i can attempt to have it rescheduled .. if you don t think you need to be there, i can try to have you hooked in by phone.. so let us know your thoughts.. even if your position is still not to offer anything, this conference should provide a terrific opportunity to set the stage for the judge about our confidence in the merits of our pending motions.. copies of the notices are on their way to all of you.	copies of the notices are on their way to all of you.	please get back to me at your earliest convenience with your thoughts on settlement and the conference.
plz call when you can.			plz call when you can.
Can you explain this in english to me??			Can you explain this in english to me?
Please share your views with the other members of the Board.	I would let them join, under the conditions outlined in the first paragraph ob Bob s mail.. Lucinao Steve. Robert Pickel wrote:. Shortly before the teleconference Board meeting two weeks ago we received an application from the Bank of England for subscriber membership.. When we have considered central banks or government agencies for membership in the past, consideration has focused on the nature of the applicant s derivatives activities, its regulatory role and the type of information they are likely to obtain from ISDA.. Because of their derivatives activities, we have generally admitted these applicants e.g., the Kingdoms of Belgium, Denmark and Sweden, the Reserve Banks of South Africa and New Zealand .. We have even admitted the Bank for International Settlements as a member.. In general, we let them know that they may not be able to receive the full range of ISDA materials e.g., draft comment letters or position papers and that there may be a need to exclude them from certain committees or discussions.. In previous Board discussions, a higher degree of concern has been expressed if, theoretically, the Federal Reserve, the Bank of Japan, the Bank of England or similarly influential central banks were to apply for membership.. These central banks typically have a greater degree of involvement in the regulatory debates particularly on capital and are better positioned to influence the process.. Since some of those previous debates, the regulatory role of the Bank of England has diminished and the role of the Financial Services Authority has correspondingly increased.. The Bank of England still plays the traditional central bank roles of controller of the money supply, dealing in the market and lender of last resort, but the supervisory role has shifted to the FSA.. In light of these developments, but recognizing the concerns previously expressed on central bank membership, I would appreciate your views on the application of the Bank of England.. We have also had overtures from the Hong Kong Monetary Authority regarding membership although we have not received an application.	We have also had overtures from the Hong Kong Monetary Authority regarding membership although we have not received an application.	Please share your views with the other members of the Board.
Please copy Joe Hartsoe and	Rosalee,. I am leaving Ken a voicemail regarding the attached letter.. If he is ok with it, I d like to get is out Tuesday or Wednesday.	If he is ok with it, I d like to get is out Tuesday or Wednesday.	Please copy Joe Hartsoe and I on the final version.
Per my conversation with Kathy Moore this morning, please open the referenced			Per my conversation with Kathy Moore this morning, please open the referenced counterparty to trade all financial products.
No biggie ... give me a call back when you get a chance to chat some more			No biggie ... give me a call back when you get a chance to chat some more :
I had to take Chelsey to sports, can you give me call and update me on the meeting.	Lynn, Steve January mentioned that I missed a meeting last night about Oneok concerning Bushton.	Lynn, Steve January mentioned that I missed a meeting last night about Oneok concerning Bushton.	I had to take Chelsey to sports, can you give me call and update me on the meeting.
Please review the attached summary of legal risks.			Please review the attached summary of legal risks.
already done so, please send me the following:	Lipp:. This e-mail will confirm the site visit by your company at Gleason and Wheatland.. The relevant information is as follows:	The relevant information is as follows:	Pursuant to the Site Visit Procedures sent you by CSFB, if you have not already done so, please send me the following: List of your team members and titles For outside consultants, state their employer Name, phone number office and mobile and e-mail address of your designated deal team leader
Please review the attached outage report.			Please review the attached outage report.
Please review and act upon this request.			Please review and act upon this request.
Can you possibly get	Kate, I have done extensive research to obtain the Nymex prices that you have requested, and I have concluded the following.. Nymex website does not show a code for Nymex MIDC contract Nymex Palo Verde KV , and Nymex COB MW do not show settlement prices for these power contracts.. Finally, are you sure these are Nymex contracts.. I have checked the Nymex website at: http://www.nymex.com, under Markets, Commodity Codes, Futures and Options Data, Nymex Divisions Futures Contracts, MIDC, PV, and COB Electricity, Settlement Data without results.. Stacey White Enpower Pub Posting , Kimat Singla Risks , and Jeremy Wong IT , have no idea on the locations of the prices in Nymex.	Stacey White Enpower Pub Posting , Kimat Singla Risks , and Jeremy Wong IT , have no idea on the locations of the prices in Nymex.	Can you possibly get with the trader that made the deal to fill us in on the location to these prices, or if he will supply us with the prices that he wants posted?
..... call me for info....713-853-6203 or cell:	FYI. Kenny s girl friend is throwing him a surprise party tonight at Cadillac Bar 7:00 .	Kenny s girl friend is throwing him a surprise party tonight at Cadillac Bar 7:00 .	..... call me for info. PHONE or cell: PHONE
Please send out confirm at your earliest convenience.	Dan,. Per the earlier e-mail, Jason s intention was to send this information on this transaction to the confirm group, as listed below - Joe Hunter and Janie Aquayo.. Jason is a new person in the Credit Group and was responding to a transaction that we were looking into for credit approval.. There is no additional credit information that is required to be placed in this confirm for this transaction, as is occasionally added by your group.. Thanks Russell. Please explain, confirms are sent out by the confirm desk.. why is this sent to legal.. If you send us a credit worksheet, we can prepare a Master Firm Purchase Sale Agreement and once it is signed then a confirm can be issued to cover the proposed transaction; however, if you want us to work on the confirm, please send us a hard copy of deal ticket.. Otherwise the deal number is greek.. All -. Vineyard Oil Gas, deal Q56432, is approved by Credit.	Vineyard Oil Gas, deal Q56432, is approved by Credit.	Please send out confirm at your earliest convenience.
Please also confirm this at your	Vince: A minor revision of my earlier email shown below.. The last line should read I will be waiting in my office from 6:30-6:50 for your call ... My office phone is PHONE .. Sorry that I have to resend this email.. Ed. Forwarded message. Dear Vince:. I would like to send out an annoucement about your talk in my Risk Management in the Energy Sector course on February 7, Monday.. Is it correct that the name of your talk will be Commodity Trading in the Energy Sector .. You indicated that you would be using transparencies so we have a projector ready for you.. Please let me know if there is anything else you need for the talk.	Please let me know if there is anything else you need for the talk.	Please also confirm this at your earliest convenience so that I can get announcement sent out soon.
Can you please get a copy of their Expansion filing in time for our visit this Friday?			Can you please get a copy of their Expansion filing in time for our visit this Friday?
intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us	Attached is a draft of a memo summarizing the procedures we discussed at our meeting on Thursday.. We will also be assisting in preparing the procedures.. Please call or e-mail if you have any questions or comments.. Best regards.. This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential.	This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential.	If you are not the intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us immediately.
Please confirm.	I m tied up from 1-3.. It looks like 1:30 p.m. on TH, 4/20 will work.	It looks like 1:30 p.m. on TH, 4/20 will work.	Please confirm.
Please forward it to us so we can review it and give you our thoughts.	Debra,	Debra,	Please forward it to us so we can review it and give you our thoughts.
PLEASE RESPOND TO IRIS WASER!!			PLEASE RESPOND TO IRIS WASER!
Please review and let me know if you have any questions.	Attached are my Louisiana counsel s comments to our ROW form.. I agree with his changes.	I agree with his changes.	Please review and let me know if you have any questions.
Please call me with any questions.	fyi -- messages re California. Attached is the pitch our sales representatives are presenting to customers in California, a list of customers and a Q A.. Karen - I am also faxing to your house in case these files are too large for you to download at home before you leave for California.	Karen - I am also faxing to your house in case these files are too large for you to download at home before you leave for California.	Please call me with any questions.
Please bring your own lunch.	Want to Learn About Electric Restructuring in Texas?. Want to Know What NewPower is Offering to Texas Consumers?. Come meet Gene Lockhart, president and CEO of The NewPower Company. Wednesday, April 11 11:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. EB 5C2. To Make a Reservation, Call 3-1941 and Select Option 1. Please inform us ahead of time if you need special accommodations to participate in this meeting.. Call 3-9390.	Call 3-9390.	Please bring your own lunch.
Please review the attached file.	Vince,	Vince,	Please review the attached file.
Please give them your full cooperation and support.	Here s the updated email after responses from business and legal types:. There have been several media reports this morning regarding the status of our efforts to preserve the value of our North American natural gas and power business.. As we ve said, we d like to form a joint venture with an entity with a strong credit rating so that our trading business can continue to deliver value to our company and our creditors.. We d like to update you on the timing of the process as we currently see it.. This Wednesday, December 19th, we will ask the Bankruptcy Court to approve bid procedures for potential suitors to follow as they proceed to make offers for a joint venture.. If we are successful, we will ask the judge to set a bid deadline of January 7th, 2002.. At that point, we would review the bids with the Creditors Committee and, after a process to determine the best offer, we will jointly ask the Bankruptcy Court to approve the winning bid.. Additionally, we will continue to try to close a deal prior to January 7th, which would then be subject to competitive bids form other counterparties.. The number of counterparties interested in a deal continues to grow.. Between now and the bid deadline, we will continue to work with all interested parties and assist them in their respective due diligence processes so that they can make the most informed bids.. Many of our colleagues will be working very hard over the holidays to move this process along and help ensure our efforts to come out of bankruptcy are successful.	Many of our colleagues will be working very hard over the holidays to move this process along and help ensure our efforts to come out of bankruptcy are successful.	Please give them your full cooperation and support.
PLEASE  OPEN AND READ THE FOLLOWING ATTACHMENT - IT IS ASSOCIATED WITH THE			ENERGY COMMITTEE REPRESENTATIVES: PLEASE OPEN AND READ THE FOLLOWING ATTACHMENT - IT IS ASSOCIATED WITH THE PREVIOUS DOCUMENTS I SENT.?
Could you please	We pushed some option deals through the test environment.	We pushed some option deals through the test environment.	Could you please look at the following deals in Tagg Stage.
Please send me a draft of this Operating Agreement at your earliest	Candy - This isn t a matter I m working on.. I m losing track, here.. Is anyone working on an Operating Agreement with Merl Vanek for the water well on Vanek s grazing lease at Bammel?. I believe I sent a copy of Vanek s Grazing Lease to Gerald a week or so ago.. Whoever has the assignment, please include language concerning not only Vanek s full responsibility for operation and maintenance at no cost or expense to HPL, but also his accountability to bear and fines, charges or fees associated with the ownership and operation of the well.	Whoever has the assignment, please include language concerning not only Vanek s full responsibility for operation and maintenance at no cost or expense to HPL, but also his accountability to bear and fines, charges or fees associated with the ownership and operation of the well.	Please send me a draft of this Operating Agreement at your earliest opportunity.
Please notify us	Isabel,. Unless I m missing something, two of these documents are the same 93 , and we are missing the no objections to forms letter.. Kay. This e-mail is confidential and may well also be legally privileged.. If you have received it in error, you are on notice of its status.	If you have received it in error, you are on notice of its status.	Please notify us immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message from your system.
Daren can you please extend Deal  422516 to cover flow  of 9 dec. for			Daren can you please extend Deal 422516 to cover flow of 9 dec. for 10/6/2000 and extend deal 432556 to cover flow of 44 dec. for 10/19/2000?
Please add Angela Davis to all e-mails regarding Project Tahiti.			Please add Angela Davis to all e-mails regarding Project Tahiti.
Can you give me a list of the deals that we have currently on APLP  and NIPS			Can you give me a list of the deals that we have currently on APLP and NIPS - they will both be in the Market CG book.
Please respond to Rogelio L?			Rogelio L?pez Velarde rlopezv lvha.com.mx 07/28/2000 07:45 PM Please respond to Rogelio L?
Please send the NDA with return instructions to :	Tana -. The below request for an NDA is from the director of Clickpaper.com.. Can we process this this morning?. Please disregard all of the Linking Agreement language.. Thanks.. Mark Senior Counsel, ENA Phone: PHONE Facsimile: PHONE E-Mail: Mark.Greenberg enron.com. Mark	Mark	Please send the NDA with return instructions to :
Please give me a call with questions at x31881.	Shirley,. Please, put on my schedule.. Vince. This is to confirm the meeting will take place on Friday, January 21 at 12:00 - 5:00p, at the DoubleTree Hotel, 400 Dallas Street.. The meeting room is Suite 407.. Those in attendance: Rick Buy Ted Murphy Rick Carson Vince Kaminski Dave Gorte Kevin Kindall Grant Masson. Lunch will begin at 12:00 noon and a snack will be served at 2:30p.	Lunch will begin at 12:00 noon and a snack will be served at 2:30p.	Please give me a call with questions at x31881.
Please email us at mailto:CustServ sportingbetUSA.com	Dear customer,. Thank you for choosing sportingbetUSA as your number one sportsbook.. Your wager has been received and has been placed as a paper bet.. Your opinions count!	Your opinions count!	Please email us at mailto:CustServ sportingbetUSA.com and let us know how we can make your experience more enjoyable!
As soon as you get confirmation that your request has been completed, please	Tana:	Tana:	As soon as you get confirmation that your request has been completed, please let Edmund know so he can update/replace the London documents in the Financial Trading Agreements Database.
Please forward as necessary	Please see the attached revised form of opinion for HQ.. Since we will not require HQ joinder of Master, I revised the opinion to reflect its primary coverage of the Guaranty.. I believe this will clarify the opinion matters for this mornings discussions.. Mary	Mary	Please forward as necessary
Please follow this link to read the President s	Dear Friend:. America has a serious energy shortage and President Bush has a comprehensive plan to address it.	America has a serious energy shortage and President Bush has a comprehensive plan to address it.	Please follow this link to read the President s comprehensive energy plan as well as to view the speech he delivered yesterday in St. Paul, Minnesota: http://www.BushEnergy.com.
Please look over it carefully and if	No intent to make people pay twice.. Anticipated that Edison might not want to be at risk for costs associated with retail gen service e.g., AS, GMC, shaping while only allowed to charge the wholesale price.. Any changes necessary to ensure no double counting are welcome.. Also, if 30 days seems to short to for some customers do strike a deal with either the utility or an ESP, then it might be appropriate, and I wouldn t object, to extending it to 90 days.. In my conversation with Dorothy, both 30 and 90 came up.. 90 is reasonable, but it would seem to be the uppermost limit.. Thanks very much for the comments.. Best, Jeff. I do not agree with Jeff s changes to Dorothy s language and I am not sure if Dorothy does.. In particular, I don t know what is meant by the language in the definition of Spot Market Service which says and shall include all costs incurred by the electrical corporation to provide retail electric service which seems to me to go way beyond even energy service.. I am also concerned that there be no way that customers have to pay for A/S twice.. Second, I think 30 days is too short a time for a customer on Spot Market service to elect DA or Term Service, since if the UDC is providing Term Service on a best efforts basis, that option might not even be available within 30 days.. Barbara. Delaney Hunter wrote:. Folks- Sorry for the delay. major computer problems over here.. I have used Ann s document and added the changes I made as a template.. It is in redline and the questions are highlighted as well.	It is in redline and the questions are highlighted as well.	Please look over it carefully and if there is language you are going to provide please do it post haste.
Please take a minute to complete our FREE REGISTRATION  http://194.70.240.34/4DCGI/Register  to ensure that you continue to receive Friday Files from advanced-television.com.	http://www.advanced-television.com. Online news, analysis, data, features and contacts for the electronic media distribution industry - from www.advanced-television.com http://www.advanced-television.com. http://www.casbaa2001.com/. More Firsts at CASBAA 2001. Exciting elements in the CASBAA 2001 Convention agenda include the introduction of two breakout sessions and a delegate-only lunch and breakfast events.. The pre-conference interactive TV iTV session on 27 November at the Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre considers the impact of iTV in Asia.. Sponsored by Boeing Space Systems, the satellite breakout session on Day 2 of the convention looks at the satellite operators response to the challenges posed by convergent media.. For CASBAA 2001 delegates exclusively, lunch on Day 1 28 November focuses on the prospects for Pay TV in China in 2002.. Hosted by CASBAA Director, Jeanne-Marie Gescher, President of Beijing-based consultancy Claydon Gescher and Associates, speakers include Bruno Wu Executive Chairman, Sun Television Cybernetworks Holdings and Hans Hawinkels, Director and CEO, MIH Asia.. Day 2 29 November of the convention starts with the Korean Investors Breakfast hosted by Simon Dewhurst of Credit Lyonnais Securities and guests include Jaehong Lew, President, Korean Cable TV System Operator Council.. Building on its popularity at CASBAA 2000, the Strategic Forum is the core conference event.. Ten hours of high-level debates will be broadcast live from Asia?s World City ?. Hong Kong.. Post-convention events 30 November, include the CASBAA Charity Golf Day on at Hong Kong?s prestigious Shek O Golf and Country Club plus the Asia Pacific broadcasting industry party of the year - the CASBAA Ball .. For conference agenda, information, and registration details visit www.casbaa2001.com http://www.casbaa2001.com or contact info casbaa.com mailto:info casbaa.com. FRIDAY FILE - 16th November 2001. If this is your first Friday File, you have been sent this e-newsletter because you have attended a trade show in the media industry and agreed to receive further information.	If this is your first Friday File, you have been sent this e-newsletter because you have attended a trade show in the media industry and agreed to receive further information.	Please take a minute to complete our FREE REGISTRATION http://194.70.240.34/4DCGI/Register to ensure that you continue to receive Friday Files from advanced-television.com.
Coordinate with Chris and John and let s move on this.	Looks good.	Looks good.	Coordinate with Chris and John and let s move on this.
Please print out for Bob Crane to sign.			Please print out for Bob Crane to sign.
Please reply via REPLY WITH HISTORY.	OK. DF. TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE COMPANY CONTRACT APPROVAL FORM. Please review the attached standard discount letter to Agave Energy Company Agave .. The discount letter provides Agave a .05/Dth/d one-part rate for 10,000 Dth/d of East of Thoreau capacity beginning 3/1/2001.. Alternate receipt and delivery rights have been granted for the East of Thoreau Area only.	Alternate receipt and delivery rights have been granted for the East of Thoreau Area only.	Please reply via REPLY WITH HISTORY.
Please respond to  Whitepapers Download Help   NWReplies bellevue.com			NW Whitepapers Download Whitepapers bdcimail.com on 04/14/2000 03:33:59 AM Please respond to Whitepapers Download Help NWReplies bellevue.com To: vkamins enron.com cc: 20 Subject: Whitepaper Download
Could you please verify with Brian if this is	Aimee/George:. Per Daren, we have a purchase deal at meter 9769, but the allocation is nomed on the PG E contract.	Per Daren, we have a purchase deal at meter 9769, but the allocation is nomed on the PG E contract.	Could you please verify with Brian if this is truely their gas or ours?
Please forward to Bobby for his review at	Janet, Attached is a clean and redlined version of the Confidentiality Agreement Trunkline with the revisions we discussed.. Please review.. Bobby Gaspard with Trunkline, asked that I forward the revised draft via email and after their review an executable.	Bobby Gaspard with Trunkline, asked that I forward the revised draft via email and after their review an executable.	Please forward to Bobby for his review at bjgaspard cmsenergy.com if you are okay with this draft.
Please respond to EnergyWriter aol.com			EnergyWriter aol.com on 10/11/2000 10:54:39 AM Please respond to EnergyWriter aol.com To: energywriter aol.com cc: Subject: Report Research
TRCO Team,  would you changed the pathed volume in Unify on this deal for the 1st thru the 4th by 1dt please?	When I look at my position manager for TP3 on 1st-4th, its short by 9189.. TCO is long by 9189 for the same time frame.. Part of the problem is deal PHONE .. I can see that the volumes on the deal for the 1st thru the 4th, but they don t show up in Unify.. These volumes also do not show up on my P L. My unaccounted volume on TP3 for September is 36,846 roughly 9189 x 4 days .	These volumes also do not show up on my P L. My unaccounted volume on TP3 for September is 36,846 roughly 9189 x 4 days .	TRCO Team, would you changed the pathed volume in Unify on this deal for the 1st thru the 4th by 1dt please?
Please pick-up your ticket by Monday, December 4.	TJ: I ll pick up my ticket on Monday, so please don t give it away!. Thanks.. Evening MBA Students,. If you signed up for a ticket to the Larry Summers Speech on December 6, 2000, your ticket is in the Evening MBA Program Office waiting for you to pick it up.	If you signed up for a ticket to the Larry Summers Speech on December 6, 2000, your ticket is in the Evening MBA Program Office waiting for you to pick it up.	Please pick-up your ticket by Monday, December 4.
For best results, please print on Legal size paper.	All,. At Rob s request, please find attached a matrix which explores various arbitration, litigation, and other tactics relevant to the current Furnas default situation.	At Rob s request, please find attached a matrix which explores various arbitration, litigation, and other tactics relevant to the current Furnas default situation.	For best results, please print on Legal size paper.
YOu can either call me or email me your direct mailing address and I ll	Hi Dan:. Just an update to let you know the status of the agreements between Reliant and Enovate and Enron.. They are both being routed internally prior to execution.. However, due to the Notices section missing from the Enovate contract, Legal has asked that I forward that to you for execution prior to Reliant s execution.. I hope that this is not a problem.. Dan, I don t want this contract to get misdirected, Enron s so large and that could easily happen.. Could you please send me your direct mailing address so that I may send it directly to you for your further handling?. Thanks, I appreciate so much your help in getting these two agreements completed.	Thanks, I appreciate so much your help in getting these two agreements completed.	YOu can either call me or email me your direct mailing address and I ll send you the Enovate contract as soon as I receive it.
Heather:  can you proof this and get this ready?			Heather: can you proof this and get this ready?
developing prices, please go to: http://4at3.net/KC17318970.2522.0.350  Remember, you can send us any preloaded or single	PhotoWorks Dear Gerald R, Request a PhotoWorks preloaded 400 ASA, 27 exposure camera with flash for FREE, and you may never have to buy a camera again!. : http://4at3.net/KC PHONE .0.2803 Every time you send your preloaded camera, along with your order form and payment, to PhotoWorks, we will: Send you a replacement camera with your high-quality prints which we ve been developing and printing for over 23 years in the mail.. E-mail you a link to your photos online so you can e-mail photos, create Online Albums and more!. Request a Preloaded Camera: http://4at3.net/KC PHONE .0.2803 Get your camera a 6 value for FREE!. Pay only 4.50 for shipping and handling costs.. With PhotoWorks, you re not only getting a great deal, you re getting high-quality photos.	With PhotoWorks, you re not only getting a great deal, you re getting high-quality photos.	For developing prices, please go to: http://4at3.net/KC PHONE .0.350 Remember, you can send us any preloaded or single use camera for developing, and we ll send you a replacement PhotoWorks camera with your prints.
Can you please explain the purpose of this delivery nom being   this receipt	Anita,. There is a delivery nom of 22 the above mentioned meter for 1/99 production.. This is a receipt meter.	This is a receipt meter.	Can you please explain the purpose of this delivery nom being this receipt meter?
Please call Jake Thomas and Steve Thome in Portland and see if we can have a			Please call Jake Thomas and Steve Thome in Portland and see if we can have a conference call at 500 Houston time.
I propose that we send this spreadsheet to our ISO rep  via Sue Mara  and ask him to explain the reason for the reduction.	Attached is a spreadsheet summarizing hourly TTC and ATC data for COB S/N from Jan 1, 2000 to April 2001.. The data were obtained from the ISO.. After looking at the data, it is clear that, although the TTC values have not changed from 00 to 01, the ATC values have decreased dramatically.. I believe the reason for this is the ISO s attempt to prevent exports to the Northwest.	I believe the reason for this is the ISO s attempt to prevent exports to the Northwest.	I propose that we send this spreadsheet to our ISO rep via Sue Mara and ask him to explain the reason for the reduction.
Could you please review the attached and let mw know if we can	Sara:. Arco is back.	Arco is back.	Could you please review the attached and let mw know if we can transact under this confirm?
Please process this request ASAP.			Please process this request ASAP.
Please forward this information to me as soon as possible.	Jon, I still have not received the information from Enron to complete the test run for July.	Jon, I still have not received the information from Enron to complete the test run for July.	Please forward this information to me as soon as possible.
Please pay special attention to the following points:	You only need the authorized user annex .. Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas 770 PHONE phone PHONE fax sara.shackleton enron.com. The Goldman Sachs Client Access Agreement the Agreement and/or Schedule A -- Electronic Trading Services Schedule A are attached for your review and signature.. The Agreement and Schedule A are required for each legal entity whose trading personnel are enabled to access Goldman Sachs electronic systems.. The documents must be signed by an authorized signatory of the legal entity ies that employs each enabled person.. The list of persons within your organization that have been enabled to access Goldman Sachs electronic systems and their associated legal entity ies are listed below.. If the Legal Entity name is incorrect, please indicate the appropriate name for purposes of this Agreement and Schedule A.. Please list all enabled users and their corresponding legal entity on Schedule A-ETS Authorized Users.. You may add additional users or delete ones that are currently enabled.. Enabled users Legal Entity Harry Arora Enron NA. Please complete, date and sign both the Agreement and Schedules separately.	Please complete, date and sign both the Agreement and Schedules separately.	Please pay special attention to the following points:
Please name the time.	Paul: We ll meet Friday at 2 pm to call Jason.. Can you come up to my office?. Sara. Yes, I am available.	Yes, I am available.	Please name the time.
Shirely please plan the space etc. together.			-Folder: Vincent Kaminski Jun2001 6 Notes Folders All documents X-Origin: Kaminski-V X-FileName: vkamins.nsf
Please review the attached spreadsheet for credit review.	Jay,. Please review Southwest Royalties for our comfort with paying them earlier in the billing cycle.. Please keep in mind that our payable can be used as an offset against any MTM exposure.. Let me know.. Thanks, Bill. Hello,	Hello,	Please review the attached spreadsheet for credit review.
To subscribe to Forrester s Events update, please send an email to	Technology spending soared in the 1990s, amid a booming economy and the dual promise and threat of the Internet.. But the binge is over and - billions of dollars later - technology leaders now face uncertain returns on those investments.. The Forrester Technology Leadership Forum will focus on incremental investments that will help you achieve payoff from your firm s technology assets.. The key is Web services technologies, which help companies build and link systems within and between organizations, regardless of location or platform.. Web services deliver real benefits; they lower integration and connection costs, improve productivity, and foster more agile partnerships, while preserving the value of legacy IT systems.. Forrester analysts will tell you how you can use Web services today to differentiate and accelerate growth.. You ll also hear from leaders at vendor and user companies that are creating and deploying best-in-class Web services.. Technology Leadership Forum The Next Technology Strategy February 3-5, 2002 The Phoenician Scottsdale, Ariz.. CONFIRMED INDUSTRY SPEAKERS Dennis H. Jones, Vice Chairman, President, and COO, Commerce One Stuart A. Kauffman, M.D., Chief Scientific Officer and Chairman, BiosGroup John S. Leggate, Group Vice President, Digital Business, BP Phillip Merrick, Founder, Chairman, and CEO, webMethods Gregory J. Owens, Chairman and CEO, Manugistics Group Greg Papadopoulos, Senior Vice President and CTO, Sun Microsystems Roger Siboni, President and CEO, E.piphany Tony E. Scott, CTO, General Motors For a complete list of speakers, please visit our Web site: http://www.forrester.com/Events/Overview/0,5158,441,00.html Register today by calling the Forrester Events line at 1 888/ PHONE or by visiting our Web site at www.forrester.com.. We look forward to seeing you in Scottsdale.	We look forward to seeing you in Scottsdale.	Forrester Events Team events forrester.com 1 888/ PHONE or 1 617/ PHONE To subscribe to Forrester s Events update, please send an email to events forrester.com with the following command in the body of your message: subscribe Forrester-event First Name Last Name .
Please notify Rick or	Jeff,. Here is the int l dial for this call: PHONE . Also, Rick knows you are on vacation this week no charge!. gngr PHONE . Rick:. My apologies.. The family events here in Mexico have conflicted with the calls.. But I will be on the call tomorrow.. Anything to save 25!. One thing.. I m not sure that I can dial into an 800 number here in Mexico.. Ginger: Could I possibly call you at 4:30 and have you conference me in to the 800 number?. Best, Jeff. Message from Rick:. The Campaign Leadership Call, which takes place daily at 4:30pm CST, is Mandatory .. If you are unable to attend, it will be necessary for you to have someone participate on the call in your behalf.	If you are unable to attend, it will be necessary for you to have someone participate on the call in your behalf.	Please notify Rick or myself, if you are unable to participate and let us know who will be participating for you.
give me a call.	Alan,. I am still pulling together info on PG E s resources/generation.. Once I have that assembled, I will incorporate it in the model along with the UMFOR data on SCE that you sent me.. Meantime, this is roughly the same version of the model that you already have.. It may represent an update from one I had sent to Tim and Jeff earlier, however.	It may represent an update from one I had sent to Tim and Jeff earlier, however.	If anyone has any questions, feel free to give me a call.
Would you mind sending it to me each morning?	Carlos Thanx for the pos report.	Carlos Thanx for the pos report.	Would you mind sending it to me each morning?
Please mark your calendars accordingly.	I shall be out to dinner.. 20. Original Message. Rick will hold a Government Affairs department conference call tomorrow as follows.	Rick will hold a Government Affairs department conference call tomorrow as follows.	Please mark your calendars accordingly.
Please call me at your	Ed: I am out of the office today but received your voice mail message and will call you tomorrow.. Carol St. Clair EB 38 PHONE Phone PHONE Fax carol.st.clair enron.com. I was out all last week.. I will call you shortly.. Ed Fernandez Contract/Credit Analyst The Energy Authority, Inc. 76 South Laura St., Ste.. 1500 Jacksonville, Florida 32202 T PHONE F PHONE efernandez TEAINC.org. Ed: Rudwell and I would like to talk to you about the form of Trade Guaranty Agreement that has been sent to us.. Specifically, we need some clarification on how Section 5 works since some new language has been added to the June 1, 1999 form that we received.	Specifically, we need some clarification on how Section 5 works since some new language has been added to the June 1, 1999 form that we received.	Please call me at your convenience to discuss this.
Please explain.	Hi Daren,. I m afraid I don t understand what you are asking me to do.. Do you mean that you want CC 105633 moved to Logistics PC 12667.. If so, there is a complicated process in order to do so.. Has someone else made this request or is this your own?	Has someone else made this request or is this your own?	Please explain.
Please include the room and time on	Kim, please send Victor and myself an amtel message at 11:00am AND at 1:30pm on Feb 1 to attend the meeting below.	Kim, please send Victor and myself an amtel message at 11:00am AND at 1:30pm on Feb 1 to attend the meeting below.	Please include the room and time on the amtel.
Please try to focus on the one key area with a concise	In an effort to continually improve the overall quality of the Analyst/Associate Programs, the Program Management would appreciate your feedback on the current state of the programs.. In order to insure confidentiality, Executive Leadership Associates has been engaged to receive your feedback and summarize it for the Program Management.. Please reply to this email with your answers to the questions below no later than Friday, July 20, 2001 to insure your views are included in the summary of survey data.. If you have any questions or technical difficulties regarding the survey, either email me at ramabile execlead.com or call:. Dick Amabile at Executive Leadership Associates, PHONE .. 1.. Please place an X to the right of the category that best describes your role.. Please check all that apply.. Are you?. -A business unit supervisor/manager: -A PRC Representative: -An HR Representative:. 2.. Please put an X to the right of the item that best reflects your level of overall agreement with this statement.. Overall, the Analyst/Associate Programs meet my business needs :. Strongly Agree. Agree. Partly Agree/Partly Disagree. Disagree. Strongly Disagree. 3.. If you could improve one thing related to the Analyst/Associate Program, what would it be?	If you could improve one thing related to the Analyst/Associate Program, what would it be?	Please try to focus on the one key area with a concise reply Type your response here:
Please would you let me know whether you approve	Mark, David. We have recently blended the Weather GTC to combine Swaps and Options, as well as Average Temp HDD trades.	We have recently blended the Weather GTC to combine Swaps and Options, as well as Average Temp HDD trades.	Please would you let me know whether you approve
page and In place of where the buttons now appear, please insert:	Jay,	Jay,	On the Bid Submission Forms, please relocate the buttons to the bottom of the page and In place of where the buttons now appear, please insert:
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Jeremy McBryan 137 Gregory Road West Palm Beach, FL PHONE jeremymcbryan netscape.net. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Call me when you get a chance...I have an accuweather update.	I am on the phone with Ben and he says congratulations and Hello.. He also says he needs Marisa s address.. Can you email it to me.	Can you email it to me.	Call me when you get a chance...I have an accuweather update.
review them at your convenience and let me know your thoughts.	Sarah -. Attached are my comments to the proposed Non-Disclosure Agreement.	Attached are my comments to the proposed Non-Disclosure Agreement.	Please review them at your convenience and let me know your thoughts.
Can you verify what quantities and pricing there was for fixed purchases to White Rock for July 2000?	I have a question from our Regulatory folks: On our Report of Gas Purchases for July 2000 there is an entry for Fixed Pricing - July.	I have a question from our Regulatory folks: On our Report of Gas Purchases for July 2000 there is an entry for Fixed Pricing - July.	Can you verify what quantities and pricing there was for fixed purchases to White Rock for July 2000?
Twanda-- please create an e-mail from me to Delainey, cc to Haedicke say  I			Twanda-- please create an e-mail from me to Delainey, cc to Haedicke say I have enclosed a draft of a the letter we spoke about yesterday .
Yes, please arrange the interview.	Steve,	Steve,	Yes, please arrange the interview.
Please have Mark stop by.	By copy of this message, I ask Janette to help Mark out with his request.	By copy of this message, I ask Janette to help Mark out with his request.	Please have Mark stop by.
you please send me a list of the schedulers	Effective July1, 2000, I will be the new point of contact at Enron North America for Devon.. In an effort to avoid duplication of e-mails to every scheduler on every desk, I would like to forward the volumes, revisions or any other pertinent information to only the people who need it.	In an effort to avoid duplication of e-mails to every scheduler on every desk, I would like to forward the volumes, revisions or any other pertinent information to only the people who need it.	Could you please send me a list of the schedulers who handle Devon on each of your desks and the pipes they schedule?
Next time you vote for me, please copy me on the email.			Next time you vote for me, please copy me on the email.
Can you, please, help wiht this request?	Elena,	Elena,	Can you, please, help wiht this request?
Can you give him a call - 215.732.9989  home  or 215.432.0183  cell .	print.. Can you try to use your amazing persuasion skills on Mauricio - he has an Associate offer and came to sell weekend.. He s trying to decide between us and ABN Amro also had a JP Morgan offer, but decided not to take it .. His concern is the 10k differential on our signing bonus and 20k differential in the guaranteed year end bonus because he wants to pay down his loans.. He wants to see if there is anything that we can do.. He feels like Enron is the better long term choice, but banking is a better short term choice.	He feels like Enron is the better long term choice, but banking is a better short term choice.	Can you give him a call PHONE home or PHONE cell .
So please buy-back 13mw for them, through HE24 on Saturday, NP15  10/6 .	Guys,. Wheelabrator Martel MARTEL 2 AMFOR went down Friday morning 10/5 , and is expected to be down for several days.. They have prescheduled through HE24 on Saturday 10/6 .	They have prescheduled through HE24 on Saturday 10/6 .	So please buy-back 13mw for them, through HE24 on Saturday, NP15 10/6 .
Please coordinate everything with	For your use per my voicemail to you.	For your use per my voicemail to you.	Please coordinate everything with Lisa Mellencamp
Let s go ahead and match these offers.			Let s go ahead and match these offers.
Please make recommendations and return as soon as possible for my review.	George, below is my first cut at the brief announcement.. As we discussed i t 20 may be combined with a Jay and Allan announcement but never the less it wil l 20 go out friday evening.	As we discussed i t 20 may be combined with a Jay and Allan announcement but never the less it wil l 20 go out friday evening.	Please make recommendations and return as soon as possible for my review.
Please add these characters in	Here is a copy just for completeness.. HK. Attached please find a new Statistical Process Control analytic which displays the turbine performance for your site.. The report pdf is a summary of the other two reports and delineates which turbines fall outside the 2 sigma line for each category.. The other two reports provide more detail regarding the turbine performance including the degree to which a turbine falls outside the 2 sigma line.. Please note that we are still working with the analytic and you will find some extraneous characters in the results.	Please note that we are still working with the analytic and you will find some extraneous characters in the results.	Please add these characters in with the main group for which they are intended.
would you please copy Ben on the submittal.	There is only one quarterly report required for Brownsville.. This is the EPA electronic data report EDR which we generate from the CEMS system and submit electronically to the EPA.	This is the EPA electronic data report EDR which we generate from the CEMS system and submit electronically to the EPA.	Mitchell - Since you are generating the 3rd quarter reports to the EPA today, would you please copy Ben on the submittal.
Vince, could you follow this up and	Hi Vince, I talked to Tom Gros today and metioned our desire to estabilish a strategic relationship with Nick Bambos and his research effort.. Tom is very excited about the idea and was willing to cut the check.. I suggested that we have more of a strategic relationship in mine Enron / Stanford and he agreed to that as well.. Tom mentioned that Greg Whalley was interested in estabilishing such a relationship.	Tom mentioned that Greg Whalley was interested in estabilishing such a relationship.	Vince, could you follow this up and ground this?
Please share this with your staff, and ensure everyone who needs to attend			Please share this with your staff, and ensure everyone who needs to attend gets signed up for a time next week.
Can you review the list and make any necessary wording changes.	Attached is a list of footnotes we have come up with for the transactional report.	Attached is a list of footnotes we have come up with for the transactional report.	Can you review the list and make any necessary wording changes.
Please review and let me know how we want to  tweek  the report to give us all the information we need.	Attached is a report for significant changes in nom d and sched d volumes by cycle.	Attached is a report for significant changes in nom d and sched d volumes by cycle.	Please review and let me know how we want to tweek the report to give us all the information we need.
Alternatively, please forward this e-mail to any colleagues from ENRON CAPITAL   TRADE RESOURCES CORP who may also be interested in attending.	Dear Mr Skilling,. http://www.ibc-financial.com/bm1272/?source bm1272em2. Update on IBC s major international conference: BASEL - MEETING THE PRACTICAL CHALLENGES 31st October and 1st November 2001 - New York. We have obviously considered very carefully whether to continue with this event in the light of the recent terrible events in New York.. However, as the business community appears to be trying to get back to normal as far as possible, we have decided that the conference should proceed as planned.. We therefore hope you will take this excellent opportunity to hear the industry response to the latest Basel proposals on Capital Adequacy and Risk Management, and to gain practical advice on meeting the significant business challenges that these proposals pose to the management of risk within the financial services industry.. Conference highlights include:. A keynote address from William Rutledge, Executive Vice President, FEDERAL RESERVE BANK OF NEW YORK. An impressive panel of leading industry speakers - visit the event website http://www.ibc-financial.com/bm1272/?source bm1272em2 for full programme details.. Round table discussion: examining the key elements of operational risk management and control. Outstanding networking opportunity - over 100 delegates attended our European Capital Adequacy event earlier this year. To reserve your place call 44 0 1932 853 857, visit http://www.ibc-financial.com/bm1272/?source bm1272em2, or e-mail cust.serv informa.com.	To reserve your place call 44 0 1932 853 857, visit http://www.ibc-financial.com/bm1272/?source bm1272em2, or e-mail cust.serv informa.com.	Alternatively, please forward this e-mail to any colleagues from ENRON CAPITAL TRADE RESOURCES CORP who may also be interested in attending.
Can you take a first stab?	Gus -. Many of these are environmental in nature.	Many of these are environmental in nature.	Can you take a first stab?
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Martha Skeeters RR1 Box 117B-4 Norman, OK 73072 skeeters telepath.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Can you please correct this.	This deal terminates effective 3/31/2000.. FYI - all BUG terminate effective 3/31/200.. Chris do you know when this deal should terminate?. Thanks, BF. CNG deal 81247 has a demand fee until 03/31/00, and it should not.	CNG deal 81247 has a demand fee until 03/31/00, and it should not.	Can you please correct this.
intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us	Apparently this came yesterday but I didn t see it since it didn t come directly from David.. Sorry about that.. Mark,. I have attached our draft version of the Enron License and Services Agreement.. As we discussed on our call, there are a number of issues which require clarification and which we have highlighted in the Agreement.. There are a number of areas, in particular Service Support, were we have proposed possible approaches but we obviously do not know whether these suggestions will work for Enron or are consistent with the intention to run the service e.g., Service Levels in Schedule B.. If you have any comments or questions please email or call either myself at PHONE , David at PHONE or Anna at PHONE .. Regards,. Kieran McIntyre. This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential.	This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential.	If you are not the intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us immediately.
Jana, would you please add me to your cc: list for these calls.			Jana, would you please add me to your cc: list for these calls.
Can you ask questions?	Your free trial expires today.... Dear Reader:. A new world is unfolding and you re in it.. The industry you know is changing into one no one has ever seen and you ll probably be a part of it.. That s why we ve created Restructuring Today - to report to you the twists, the plans, failures, strategies, shocks, absurdities, new sales and buying methods as energy and communications converge into American s biggest industry.. Add the 220 billion power industry to the 80 billion gas industry and merge in the 200 telecom, cable and internet industries and you re talking big bucks.. Restructuring Today is focused down the road, reporting where the industry s headed every business day.. Our editors will tell you what the CEOs making the big decision are thinking and planning on.. And those editors cover more seminars that you could imagine going to or paying for .. They re guided by a network of correspondents in state capitals - most of them business editors of important newspapers.	They re guided by a network of correspondents in state capitals - most of them business editors of important newspapers.	Can you ask questions?
Sara, Would you please take a look at the email below regarding Alcoa s			Sara, Would you please take a look at the email below regarding Alcoa s Master Agreement with Enron.
Please send all	Hi Dan,. I just got a call on a contract you routed to me at my old location.. About three weeks ago, my group moved to the 21st floor.	About three weeks ago, my group moved to the 21st floor.	Please send all purchase/sale agreements to me at EB2127B and any processing/service agreements to Sylvia Campos at EB2127A.
Thomas: Can you please answer the following questions:			Thomas: Can you please answer the following questions: 1.
Bert, will you please e-mail me Gene s exact title.			Bert, will you please e-mail me Gene s exact title.
Subject: Rice Partio Details - Please RSVP to me!			Subject: Rice Partio Details - Please RSVP to me!
Please look over the excel spreadsheet of proposed attendees ASAP  in your	Hello -. I have included an update on GENIE but I am starting with a list of action items needed by you and mentioned in more detail below: Changes or approval on the letter to the Office of the Chairman of EWS, EES and ETS from Steve.. Steve, please brief Ken so we can get both events on his schedule.. He still has other commitments that need to be moved.. Changes or approval on the panelist/invitees list ASAP.. Mailing and Acceptances The mailings to the steering committee and commentators went out last Wed. and Thurs.. We are rapidly receiving emails and phone responses.. I will send a weekly update of the results.. Within the next week, I may request that top Enron officials make a personal invitation to key attendees that are unresponsive.	Within the next week, I may request that top Enron officials make a personal invitation to key attendees that are unresponsive.	October event Attendees/Panelists Please look over the excel spreadsheet of proposed attendees ASAP in your binder from our last meeting .
Clement, Sara and Tana, could each of you please e-mail to Cris Sherman as			Clement, Sara and Tana, could each of you please e-mail to Cris Sherman as soon as possible the most recent versions of the documents each of you were preparing for the prepay transaction with RBC.
Can you help me with the below information?	Carol, Once our production pool is set up, I would like to transfer the CES/ENA meters into our pool.. What do you need from me to transfer these meters?. Thanks, Paul. Forwarded by Paul J Leanza/DUB/EES on 07/13/2000 05:23 PM. Forwarded by Chris Germany/HOU/ECT on 07/13/2000 03:58 PM. Hi Carol,	Hi Carol,	Can you help me with the below information?
Please check the physical and fin index positions for prompt.			Please check the physical and fin index positions for prompt.
can you email me the gzn file.			can you email me the gzn file.
If the agreement meets with your approval, please have it executed by an	At the request of Louise Kitchen, I am transmitting a copy of the referenced agreement.. If you have any comments, please call me at PHONE .. If you need to speak to an attorney, please call Mark Taylor at PHONE .	If you need to speak to an attorney, please call Mark Taylor at PHONE .	If the agreement meets with your approval, please have it executed by an authorized officer and fax it to me at PHONE ,
John, call me when you get a chance.			John, call me when you get a chance.
Please, make sure that the prices are quoted in the same units our positions	Hi Kirstee,. Thanks again for all your work on MG. One think to double check is units.	Thanks again for all your work on MG. One think to double check is units.	Please, make sure that the prices are quoted in the same units our positions come in.
Please, try the E-mail address below.	Shirley,	Shirley,	Please, try the E-mail address below.
Stephanie-could you please add Aeco basis  Canadian Product  to my product list.			Stephanie-could you please add Aeco basis Canadian Product to my product list.
Could you send Caroline and either Tony or Amy?	We really don t want too many people at the meeting.. I am afraid the room will be overflowing.	I am afraid the room will be overflowing.	Could you send Caroline and either Tony or Amy?
Could you work with Allison to get the needed information to cathy.			Could you work with Allison to get the needed information to cathy.
minutes today, give me a call and I can go over that with you.	I know that you left a message with Patti about contacting David Eastlake.. I have sent e:mail messages to him that must have been delivered, as I did not get a message about undeliverable e:mail.. I haven t heard back from him.. The phone numbers on the contact sheet are the students numbers at school.. I have left a voice mail both for Daniel Jenkins and David during the week between Christmas and New Year s, knowing that it was unlikely that they would be in Austin.. It would be great to have their home numbers as better contact numbers during school breaks.. I was on vacation the week before Christmas and for two days last week.. And I admit that I did not contact any students while I was on vacation!. I will try their Austin numbers this week again.. Although classes don t start until next week, they may come back to Austin early.. Similar situation with my OU students.. I have conversed by e:mail since I did not have home numbers.. Do you know when classes resume at OU?. I will try my students there this week again by phone in case they are returning to school early.. I had lunch with Ted Jacobs the week between Christmas and New Years - it was a thank you for finding some Orange Bowl tickets that David and I purchased.. Yes, we were at the game and saw OU win the national championship!. I have an update from him on our list of OU candidates, according to his understanding of some of the decisions they have made.	I have an update from him on our list of OU candidates, according to his understanding of some of the decisions they have made.	If you have a few minutes today, give me a call and I can go over that with you.
Please select your reviewers throught the PEP on line system.			Please select your reviewers throught the PEP on line system.
So, if you would, please have take them to Carolyn Ashley s house by	Denise, Caroly, Claudette - What do you think about me forwarding Marilyn s message to the prayer ministry. Good morning ladies,. The ballet is still on for Tuesday.. I had originally planned to pick up each girl, however, I am on special assignment on the Southwest side of time.	I had originally planned to pick up each girl, however, I am on special assignment on the Southwest side of time.	So, if you would, please have take them to Carolyn Ashley s house by 6:15 pm.
Please send the Agency letter to Louise Kitchen and Mark Taylor asking for			Please send the Agency letter to Louise Kitchen and Mark Taylor asking for comments.
Please reply to this message with either a corresponding  1  or a  2  in the subject field.	We are in the process of confirming that all traders are set up correctly and ready to trade when the system goes live.. We need to make sure that your Stack Managers are accessing the correct database.. In order to do this, we need to know how you access Stack Manager:. 1 Through Terminal Server the one that opens up a desktop within a desktop and it actually appears that you have two Start buttons .. or 2 By opening the Stack Manager directly from your native desktop.	or 2 By opening the Stack Manager directly from your native desktop.	Please reply to this message with either a corresponding 1 or a 2 in the subject field.
Would you pls let me know	Vera:. In studying the below information, if I am understanding it correctly, only 199.7 was to be reversed back to the Research Group and it should have occurred in July.. Do you not notice this entry either?. Please let me know.. Thanks!. Shirley Crenshaw. Vera,. We shall talk to the accounting group about the correction.. Vince. Per mail dated June 15 from Kim Watson, there was supposed to have occurred a true-up of 274.7 in July for the fist six months of 2000.. Reviewing July actuals, I was not able to locate this entry.	Reviewing July actuals, I was not able to locate this entry.	Would you pls let me know whether this entry was made, if not, when do you intend to process it .
Don, please have this substituted for the last presentation	Attached is the above presentation which has been revised to reflect a change recommended by legal.. In the turbine contract slide I deleted the bullet that the contract is assignable.	In the turbine contract slide I deleted the bullet that the contract is assignable.	Don, please have this substituted for the last presentation e2 management presentation 100400 b which was used in the voice-overs.
Please call so we can discuss.	Enrique Valero, our onsite project management, just sent the attached note.. Most urgently, payday for about 300 employees is tomorrow, and the employees are expecting this check before the Easter holy week holiday starts.. If possible without violating the order, , we would like to get the employees paid.. Bob, I can t remember how we solved this last time out, but I remember it was an issue.	Bob, I can t remember how we solved this last time out, but I remember it was an issue.	Please call so we can discuss.
Please check you calendarBREAK			Please change this on my calendar.
Please check your records and make sure your e-mails intended for me are			Please check your records and make sure your e-mails intended for me are addressed to the correct Mark Taylor.
message in error, please forward this message to members thestreet.com,	This exclusive offer has been sent to you by TheStreet.com as a result of a partnership between TheStreet.com and Investor s Business Daily because you are currently or within the last year have been a subscriber either free-trial or paid to one of our web sites, www.thestreet.com or www.realmoney.com.	This exclusive offer has been sent to you by TheStreet.com as a result of a partnership between TheStreet.com and Investor s Business Daily because you are currently or within the last year have been a subscriber either free-trial or paid to one of our web sites, www.thestreet.com or www.realmoney.com.	If you are not a current or former subscriber, and you believe you received this message in error, please forward this message to members thestreet.com, or call our customer service department at PHONE .
Please give me a call with any questions, etc.	Dear all -- I have put together a script and a Q A document for Rick s use in communicating to his group his business objectives over the next few weeks for reducing expenses.. Please review and provide your comments, questions and/or concerns.. I apologize for the very short turnaround, but Rick s employee tele-conference is scheduled for Friday morning at 10:30 a.m. so we ll need to finalize the script no later than EOB tomorrow.. In addition, I ve included a Q A document that we should deliver to employees immediately after the meeting.. There are a couple of the questions we need to finalize.. For time s sake tonight, I ve not included the answers to some of the benefits questions; however, those answers are already defined and not negotiable, so I just need to cut and paste them into the document.. Please review this to ensure I ve covered most questions that may come up, and provide your feedback on those questions that still need to be finalized.. Rick, can we meet late Thursday to review the documents and any feedback that Sharon and Sheila provides?. I m available any time 2:00 or later?. Thanks for your quick review of this information.	Thanks for your quick review of this information.	Please give me a call with any questions, etc.
Would you gentlemen be so kind as to look at this for conformity with the			Would you gentlemen be so kind as to look at this for conformity with the previous amendments to the PPA dealing with the same issue?
process, please call the PEP Help Desk at the following numbers:	NOTE: YOU WILL RECEIVE THIS MESSAGE EACH TIME YOU ARE SELECTED AS A REVIEWER.. You have been selected to participate in the Mid-Year 2000 Performance Management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee s that have been identified for you.. Your feedback plays an important role in the performance management process, and your participation is very critical to the success of Enron s Performance Management goals.. Please provide feedback on the employee s listed below by accessing the Performance Management System PEP and completing an online feedback form as described in the Performance Management Quick Reference Guide .. You may begin your feedback input immediately.. Please have all feedback forms completed by the date noted below.	Please have all feedback forms completed by the date noted below.	If you have any questions regarding PEP or your responsibility in the process, please call the PEP Help Desk at the following numbers:
Please assign and have them contact the rep below to get the information you need.	Dennis, Attached is what I ve got.	Dennis, Attached is what I ve got.	Please assign and have them contact the rep below to get the information you need.
copy, use or disclose this communication to others; also please notify the	This message and any attachments are intended for the individual or entity named above.	This message and any attachments are intended for the individual or entity named above.	If you are not the intended recipient, please do not read, copy, use or disclose this communication to others; also please notify the sender by replying to this message, and then delete it from your system.
Please take a look and I will be available to walk you through the	https://gcs.enron.com/expertfinder/tcid.asp	https://gcs.enron.com/expertfinder/tcid.asp	Steve, Please take a look and I will be available to walk you through the application at your convenience.
Downtown Hyatt from 11:30 a.m. - 1:00 p.m.  Please RSVP to Cathy Phillips at			To Sign Up For The United Way Day Of Caring on September 15, Click Here!
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	James Rahfeldt 22793 Flicker Dr. Goshen, IN PHONE jrrah hotmail.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please review and call with any questions.	Attached for your review are the following:. 1.. Enfolio Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement 2.. Transaction Agreement Package 1 to Master Firm 3.. Transaction Agreement Package 2 to Master Firm 4.. Enfolio Master Spot Purchase/Sale Agreement 4.. Enfolio Spot Confirmation - Master Spot Purchase/Sale Agreement Governs	Enfolio Spot Confirmation - Master Spot Purchase/Sale Agreement Governs	Please review and call with any questions.
If you have the copies of the paperwork, please forward it to me.			If you have the copies of the paperwork, please forward it to me.
Tonight my ass...call me now...713-853-0472.			Tonight my ass...call me now PHONE .
Please look it over and let s talk.	Chris--Below is a list of questions that we need to address fairly quickly.	Chris--Below is a list of questions that we need to address fairly quickly.	Please look it over and let s talk.
kindly send me your full name, address and telephone number?	Vince,. I am very pleased that you will be able to join our Advisory Board and I look forward to introducing you to those of our Steering Committee you do not already know as well as the other Advisory Board members at our next meeting on December 12, 2001 in New York.. I would like to send you a more formal letter of acknowledgment and appreciation but I realize I have only your e-mail address.	I would like to send you a more formal letter of acknowledgment and appreciation but I realize I have only your e-mail address.	Could you kindly send me your full name, address and telephone number?
have to go in and send it back to me.	I will be happy to do it this way.. By the way, if you are sending a copy to Bill McCartney at V E, you should know that I am also sending him a copy.. Stephanie Harris ENRON. Richard, in the future, could you please have your Assistant forward the reports to me.. Previously, Mr. Derrick did not have e-mail and his mail was diverted to me automatically by the system.	Previously, Mr. Derrick did not have e-mail and his mail was diverted to me automatically by the system.	Now, it does go to him and I have to go in and send it back to me.
please follow up on this potential deal.			please follow up on this potential deal.
Please give me a call at 713	Hi Marchris,. I m in ENA Legal, and I m looking for the right person to discuss this with.. Christi Nicholay suggested I get you involved.	Christi Nicholay suggested I get you involved.	Please give me a call at PHONE to discuss.
Please reference the order tracking number.	Dear Mr. LARRY CAMPBELL:. Thank you for your order.. You bought 200 shares of PMCS Pmc-sierra Inc Com at 114 15/64.. ORDER DETAILS: The tracking number for this order is: B-170-AAWJ-6459 Order entered at: 09:51:35 on 11/09/00 Order processing began at: 09:51:36 Order executed at: 09:51:36 on 11/09/00. You will receive a printed Datek Online confirmation by postal mail, or by electronic delivery if you are subscribed to that service.. Questions regarding this transaction?. Contact our Customer Support department by e-mailing support datek.com.	Contact our Customer Support department by e-mailing support datek.com.	Please reference the order tracking number.
Meeting Details  Important  01 To Do 01,s 018 Please review red highlights.	FYI.. Information Management 02/14/01 IM Task Force Meeting Notes - 02/14/01. Attendees Debbie Brackett Allen Elliott John Gillespie Marie Hejka Georgeanna Hoiseth Brandon Rigney Allan Sommer Judith Schlesinger Paul Timberlake George Wasaff Joe Wong Steve Woods	Attendees Debbie Brackett Allen Elliott John Gillespie Marie Hejka Georgeanna Hoiseth Brandon Rigney Allan Sommer Judith Schlesinger Paul Timberlake George Wasaff Joe Wong Steve Woods	Meeting Details Important 01 To Do 01,s 018 Please review red highlights.
Please call should you have any problems with the file.	Attached is the plan for California.	Attached is the plan for California.	Please call should you have any problems with the file.
Please prepare a GISB contract between Enron North America Corp. and Lost	Debra,	Debra,	Please prepare a GISB contract between Enron North America Corp. and Lost Creek Gathering Company, L.L.C.
Please enter the password below when prompted at the	Attention Shoppers!!. !. This is your opportunity to participate in an exciting new Harris Poll Online survey about the kinds of purchases you have made for your home in the past few months.. We estimate it will take about 15 to 20 minutes to complete the study.. When you complete this survey, we will offer you the chance to participate in our HIstakes drawing.. We ll be giving away one prize of 4,000 ?2,743 , two prizes of 500 ?343 , and 40 prizes of 50 ?34 .. HIstakes is open to U.S., Canadian, excluding Quebec, and U.K. residents only.. You will receive HIpoints for completing this survey.. To participate in this survey, please proceed to: http://survey.harrispollonline.com/W15407.htm?id PHONE	To participate in this survey, please proceed to: http://survey.harrispollonline.com/W15407.htm?id PHONE	Please enter the password below when prompted at the beginning of the survey.
Please revert back to Sara with copies of the LC s that expire in February and March for the non-terminated masters and contracts that are in the money.	Veronica, I assume that since you did not get back to us that there are no LC s expiring in January for non-terminated masters or trades where we are in the money.	Veronica, I assume that since you did not get back to us that there are no LC s expiring in January for non-terminated masters or trades where we are in the money.	If that is the case then we need to start looking at those LC s for February and March to avoid any time constraints in getting replacement LC s. Please revert back to Sara with copies of the LC s that expire in February and March for the non-terminated masters and contracts that are in the money.
Please work with Will Kelly to have them entered into	Eric Moon and John, attached are the tickets for the physical part of the Preston VPP deal.	Eric Moon and John, attached are the tickets for the physical part of the Preston VPP deal.	Please work with Will Kelly to have them entered into Sitara and provide me with the deal numbers.
can assign these times to, please contact me as soon as possible so we can	Hello,. We have prepared January and February data and will be scheduling meetings with you in the next few weeks.. For the month of March, please provide a completed Hours survey for each position within your group.. This survey will collect the time your team spent on performing their activities in the month of March.. NOTE: We are now collecting EOL related activities.	NOTE: We are now collecting EOL related activities.	If you spend time directly supporting EOL, and your survey does not have an activity that you can assign these times to, please contact me as soon as possible so we can add the appropriate activities to your survey.
Please review and	Attached for your review and comment please find drafts of Amendment 3 to Firm Gathering Agreement for Enron and Burlington.	Attached for your review and comment please find drafts of Amendment 3 to Firm Gathering Agreement for Enron and Burlington.	Please review and provide any comments.
Please print the attachment.			Please print the attachment.
Please forward the Enron North America Corp. check to Laurel Adams, ECS 04487.	Joe,. I faxed the Cleary, Gottlieb letter to you.	I faxed the Cleary, Gottlieb letter to you.	Please forward the Enron North America Corp. check to Laurel Adams, ECS 04487.
Please review the attached document	Peter and Dan--. TXU is in the process of amending the current Guaranty to have the cap amount increased due to an increase in trading.	TXU is in the process of amending the current Guaranty to have the cap amount increased due to an increase in trading.	Please review the attached document and send any commentary back to my attention.
Please fax the ORIGINAL confirm.			Please fax the ORIGINAL confirm.
Please respond to sgovenar			Scott Govenar sgovenar govadv.com 07/12/2001 04:59 PM Please respond to sgovenar To: Jeff Dasovich jdasovic enron.com , Susan J Mara smara enron.com cc: Subject: AB 256
Sara, Could you please give a general review?	John, FYI Nora, If you could review the other provisions to make sure that they picked up our changes.	John, FYI Nora, If you could review the other provisions to make sure that they picked up our changes.	Sara, Could you please give a general review?
meets with your approval, please have an authorized officer execute two	Dear Mr.. Dune,. At the request of Dovie Keprta, I am enclosing our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.. I have also enclosed a blacklined draft showing the changes from the NDA you executed with Enron Broadband.	I have also enclosed a blacklined draft showing the changes from the NDA you executed with Enron Broadband.	If the enclosed meets with your approval, please have an authorized officer execute two copies and return them to me for execution by Enron.
Can you please send revised confirm to me this evening also?			Can you please send revised confirm to me this evening also?
Please respond to  Chris Strickland   chris lacima.co.uk	Chris,. This is very well written and will serve the reader well.. A few comments.. 1.. When I think about the taxonomy of the VaR models, I typically use the classification based on 3 categories:. a. variance/covariance method b. historical simulation c. Monte Carlo simulation.. Delta approach is the way of representing a position in a nonlinear instrument.. 2.. I would define Monte Carlo as an approach based on statistical simulation of behavior of all the market prices/rates, etc., and revaluation of the entire portfolio.. The revaluation may be based on an approximation using Taylor s expansion that may involve delta, delta/gamma, delta/gamma/omega or may be exact based on the same model that produces the mark-to-market portfolio valuations .. The main benefit of using the MC simulation in the energy markets is the ability to capture the gapping behavior of the energy markets in a straightforward way.. I would emphasize that there are attempts to incorporate jumps in the V/C model I shall send you the references from home .. 3.. I would mention that historical simulation may break down in the markets that are evolving quickly new instruments for which we have no comparable prices, behavior of prices may change as markets mature or de-mature .. 4.. For bigger portfolios, virtually all methods require some level of aggregation into atomic, elemental instruments to reduce the dimensionality of the problem.. This process may be a source of a big error.. 5.. The computational burden of MC can be reduced through clever preprocessing of a portfolio that introduces no error.. Many swaps with the same underlying can be aggregated into one positions they are portfolios of forwards and they are linear instruments .. Please, feel free to use any comment or none .. Vince	Vince	Chris Strickland chris lacima.co.uk on 08/28/2000 02:58:56 PM Please respond to Chris Strickland chris lacima.co.uk To: vince.j.kaminski enron.com cc: Subject: EPRM article
Please review before sending out to make sure I have correctly captured your business deal.	Attached is the revised Keep Whole Language.. I assume this language would completely replace the Variance langauge that we currently insert in our GTCs and any Replacement Price Differential Language in our Pooling Point and Wellhead GTCs.. I.e.. this will be the only measure of damages for these deals.. If this is not correct, let s discuss.. Ellen, This language would be the same language use for the W T Offshore and Spinaker deals.. Is this correct Nelson?	Is this correct Nelson?	Please review before sending out to make sure I have correctly captured your business deal.
Could someone pls email me the dial-in info?	Everyone,. Here is my revision of Rob s letter for discussion on our conf call today at 10:30 am.	Here is my revision of Rob s letter for discussion on our conf call today at 10:30 am.	Could someone pls email me the dial-in info?
Please use the September report as a reference for your October report.	Jeff, My bad.. I forgot to update my address book with your new migrated e-mail address.. Please consider this a reminder that your IRT updates are now due to Rick Shapiro Sue Nord.. From this point forward, I have taken over for Joseph in distributing and updating this report.. In order to facilitate processing this report in a timely manner, please utilize the attached Excel file see below , which contains a worksheet that shows the September report, as well as a worksheet with each individuals name.	In order to facilitate processing this report in a timely manner, please utilize the attached Excel file see below , which contains a worksheet that shows the September report, as well as a worksheet with each individuals name.	Please use the September report as a reference for your October report.
Please review and let  discuss how to resolve.	Grant,	Grant,	Please review and let discuss how to resolve.
Please give me an original copy once it has been signed.	Harlan:. Did you get the Calpine master netting agreement signed?	Did you get the Calpine master netting agreement signed?	Please give me an original copy once it has been signed.
Please get with Bill D. and make	I think this is a very interesting idea.	I think this is a very interesting idea.	Please get with Bill D. and make sure he gets a description of what we would need to do to physically accomodate the station and make sure he s comfortable with it before we go ahead.
Can you come to SF?	Yes, I ll put it on my calendar.	Yes, I ll put it on my calendar.	Can you come to SF?
Can you please check with Tom on the correct cp name.			Tom ALonso deal 557724 Bloomberg shows cp name as Arizona Public Service and enpower has Pinnacle West Can you please check with Tom on the correct cp name.
To speak with the Admissions Office please phone the following	Internet/Web Page Design Training University is seeking Commercial Web Design Specialists NOW!. Earn BIG while learning a new online career!. HELP WANTED!. We will pay you up to 500.00 per page to design web sites for our company.. Affordable Commercial Web Page Design Training Course...via the internet from the comfort of your home!. We all are looking for better INCOME and personal FREEDOM, features that a web based internet business career can deliver!. Make the first step to changing your career today!. What makes training with our university the answer?. 1 To begin with, a 4000 student track record with students from around the world, and growing daily 2 Hundreds of successful graduates earning in Internet activities now 3 100 s of Dollars of FREE Trial Software 4 Career Assistance and Guaranteed Placement help 5 Conditional Money Back Guarantee!. 6 Affordable and/or Subsidized Tuition earn while you learn!. 7 An enjoyable interactive, self-paced, self-taught, at-home system, with Instructor support!. 8 Our University instructors become your Personal Trainers .. 9 Certification as Web Designer, Internet Marketer and Web Master. Learn how to build professional results-oriented commercial web sites in just hours...instead of days!. After your graduation you also receive FREE Web Hosting Space to display your work as a Commercial Web Designer...THERE ARE NO LIMITS!. Students receive a package including fully functional, all-inclusive software for use in the class, along with essential trialware and freeware added to enhance your education experience.. This package alone, has an estimated retail value to the student of hundreds of dollars!. Plus...if you act soon..... FREE!. Over a 300 Value Four Lesson Class of Adobe Photoshop 5.5 To Qualified Applicants Only Deep Software Discounts now available too!. Call and see if you qualify for a Government GRANT for our school!. Our staff of Student Counselors and Advisors will help to properly structure your proposed curriculum, and answer any questions you may have.	Our staff of Student Counselors and Advisors will help to properly structure your proposed curriculum, and answer any questions you may have.	To speak with the Admissions Office please phone the following number and leave the outlined responses shown below.
Please respond to To All:			Please respond to To All:
Please confirm our firm rights for all 3 of our Alliant Energy Utilities.	High Priority. Per discussion with Chris Sebesta, Alliant Energy has been informed of impending storage allocations for the upcoming holiday weekend.. For the weekend, we want to schedule maximum storage withdrawals to protect against zone allocations and we want to schedule the firm right to reduce our withdrawal to zero in the final nomination cycle.. We expect NNG to honor our FIRM MAX RATE storage contract rights before they schedule a single dth of interruptible storage.	We expect NNG to honor our FIRM MAX RATE storage contract rights before they schedule a single dth of interruptible storage.	Please confirm our firm rights for all 3 of our Alliant Energy Utilities.
Please, check the field assignment.	Hallo together,. attached is the first overview of the SQL interface.. At the moment I only use the data from the files in the ParkData directory.. If we change the plant version, we can use further data.	If we change the plant version, we can use further data.	Please, check the field assignment.
For the audio portion of the call, please call in on one of the following	Title: CERA Conference Call and Web Presentation 01 The Final Wave of RTO 20 Filings: The Ball is in FERC s Court URL: http://www20.cera.com/eprofile?u 3D35 m 3D2243. ELECTRIC TRANSMISSION and NORTH AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER CONFERENCE CALL and WEB PRESENTATION. A Cambridge Energy Research Associates Conference Call Web Presentation. TOPIC The Final Wave of RTO Filings--The Ball is in FERC s Court. Some Surprises from the Independent System Operators. Will the Deadline Be Met?. The Countdown to December 15, 2001. The FERC: A Soft Stance on RTO Filings?. FORMAT At the time listed below, our speakers will address this topic for approximately 30 minutes, with accompanying graphics presented on the 20 internet, followed by an open question and answer period.. SPEAKERS David Clement, CERA Associate Director, Electric Transmission Hope Robertson, CERA Senior Associate, North American Electric Power Larry Makovich, CERA Senior Director, North American Electric Power. TIME 1:00 P.M. Eastern, Thursday, February 22, 2001. ELIGIBILITY Clients eligible to participate in this conference call are those who 20 subscribe to the Electric Transmission Advisory Service or the North American Electri c Power Advisory Service.. TO ENROLL To enroll, please return this form via fax to Kari Paakaula at 617 497-04 23, or enroll via e-mail at kpaakaula cera.com before 4:00 P.M., Wednesday, February 21, 2001.	TO ENROLL To enroll, please return this form via fax to Kari Paakaula at 617 497-04 23, or enroll via e-mail at kpaakaula cera.com before 4:00 P.M., Wednesday, February 21, 2001.	For the audio portion of the call, please call in on one of the following numbers approximately 10-15 minutes before the call:
Please take a look at them.	After a great deal of input from a large group of people what I hope is the almost final draft of the 2000 Tech Services is attached below.	After a great deal of input from a large group of people what I hope is the almost final draft of the 2000 Tech Services is attached below.	Please take a look at them.
Please reply to this message within 48 hours to complete the registration process.	Thank you for registering for the AOL Instant Messenger SM service!. Your registration for screen name ruscitti1 has been received.. You are now one step away from being able to: Communicate instantly -- it s fast, easy, fun and free!. Create your own Buddy List r feature -- see when your friends and family are online.. Meet new friends in our chat rooms or by searching our member directory.. Follow your stocks and news headlines, exchange files and images and much, much more.	Follow your stocks and news headlines, exchange files and images and much, much more.	Please reply to this message within 48 hours to complete the registration process.
copy Jay Golub too; please send me his e-mail address.	Barbara, here is my draft of a rehearing request.. As I mentioned, our outside counsel is going to try to add a few sentences; I haven t heard back from them, but will send you the revised draft when I do.	As I mentioned, our outside counsel is going to try to add a few sentences; I haven t heard back from them, but will send you the revised draft when I do.	I d be happy to copy Jay Golub too; please send me his e-mail address.
Included in the RFP is their sample Energy purchase agreement, can you please	Hi Sara...I m forwarding an RPF fron ConEd New York, Inc...... We are only looking to do Proposal 1.....basically we will quote on: Cal 01 50 - 100 MW 5 X 16 peak Zone G, NY Financial swap	Hi Sara...I m forwarding an RPF fron ConEd New York, Inc...... We are only looking to do Proposal 1.....basically we will quote on: Cal 01 50 - 100 MW 5 X 16 peak Zone G, NY Financial swap	Included in the RFP is their sample Energy purchase agreement, can you please take a look and make any necessary comments?
There seems to be some confusion about this deal, so please call me	This is the last deal that is in the FT-Norhtwest book that needs to be flipped into the FT-US/CAND-ERMS book, to settle between ECC and Duke Energy Marketing Limited Partnership.. This needs to be fixed so liquidations will be correct for Novmeber.	This needs to be fixed so liquidations will be correct for Novmeber.	There seems to be some confusion about this deal, so please call me or Greg Carraway about this deal, and maybe we can answer questions if there are any.
Could you follow up on this?	Denise, a few weeks ago someone who is charge of computer stuff in Omaha, I believe -- I cannot remember her name called and we discussed replacing my 2 machines with a laptop.. Do you know who I am talking about?. I think I had you call her to give her info on my upstairs computer.. Anyhow, before we order anything it might be good to make sure she and Jeff Nguyen are on the same page about this.	Anyhow, before we order anything it might be good to make sure she and Jeff Nguyen are on the same page about this.	Could you follow up on this?
Please review the list of entities, and we are	Attached is a revised Master Setoff.. I have made changes asked for some help on a couple of points.	I have made changes asked for some help on a couple of points.	Please review the list of entities, and we are finalizing our list as well.
Please give us your thoughts on this approach.	Here s the attachement noted below.. Steve and Cindy,. Brian, Sharon Michelle and I met today to discuss the strategy for Performance Feedback Training and decided on the following.. The presentation should be updated to reflect the PRC process, relative ranking and preferred distribution.. attached Brian Schaffer will complete the Houston training sessions next week.. The HR Community within the BU s need to be trained and armed with information to better address questions and concerns from Managers, Supervisors and employees on the process.. A Mandatory global HR training/meeting should be held Tuesday January 16th and kicked off by Steve Kean and Cindy Olson.. Brian will prepare an invite communication.. Probably at the Double Tree or Hyatt and other locations video / tele conference An eSeak should be held week of January 16th on Performance Management.. The HR Heads should send out a separate communication to their people to reinforce attendance to this meeting/training.. A separate communication should be sent out to employees and Superviors below Manager on the PRC process.. Brian will prepare a draft of the communication.	Brian will prepare a draft of the communication.	Please give us your thoughts on this approach.
Please send  Mr. Carlson a reprint of the paper on the power mkts.	Shirley,	Shirley,	Please send Mr. Carlson a reprint of the paper on the power mkts.
give me a call when you get a chance and we can clear up that mess.	i lost your number in austin.. i tried to give you a call last night and clear up our argument from saturday.. that got way out of hand and i apologize for that.. there is no reason for me to be such a hot head about that.	there is no reason for me to be such a hot head about that.	give me a call when you get a chance and we can clear up that mess.
I was auditing our files and realized that we don t have an electronic resume on file for you can you get one to me no later than tomorrow.			Lisa, I was auditing our files and realized that we don t have an electronic resume on file for you can you get one to me no later than tomorrow.
Please distribute this on to	I attach a presentation nicely prepared mostly by Akshay Singh and the Telecommunications portion by B.A.N.. Sharma.. This contains general information on India that you may find useful.	This contains general information on India that you may find useful.	Please distribute this on to others who may have use for the information.
Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and	STEVE KEAN. Conf call: AT T lines have been reserved.. Please contact Sherri Sera 713/ PHONE or Bill Dorsey 713/ PHONE for the weekly dial-in number and passcode.	Please contact Sherri Sera 713/ PHONE or Bill Dorsey 713/ PHONE for the weekly dial-in number and passcode.	Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and through what medium.
Please send me the name and phone number for your contact and I will work on			Please send me the name and phone number for your contact and I will work on a GISB with them.
Guys, please mark your calendars for the 2000 ENA Management Offsite			Guys, please mark your calendars for the 2000 ENA Management Offsite scheduled for December 14th and 15th at the Venetian in Las Vegas.
Please review the attached one more time and make sure everything is as it should be.	Kim:. There are no lionger 2 Kim Wards in e-mail.. This is the final gas deal that we would agree to in principle.	This is the final gas deal that we would agree to in principle.	Please review the attached one more time and make sure everything is as it should be.
Will you please let Vanessa Groscrand know if you can attend at 713-853-1769	Mike McConnell plans to attend the meeting at 11:30 a.m. on Tuesday, July 25th.. Thank you.. Cathy Phillips for Mike McConnell. Working Lunch. On Tuesday, July 25, I am meeting with Molecular Electronics Corp. MEC to discuss the opportunity for establishing this newly formed company in Houston.. For those of you that are not familiar with MEC, they are considered one of the premier companies in the area of molecular computing.. MEC has approached Enron to discuss a possible alliance that would facilitate their development and, in particular, location in the Houston area.. MEC represents the frontier of computing technology.. I would like to invite you to participate in a working lunch discussion of the opportunities and obstacles facing a company that is seeking to change an industry.. I would appreciate it if you could join us on July 25 from 11:30 to 1:30 in EB49C1 for this informal roundtable with the CEO of MEC, Harvey Plotnick and one of the founders, Jim Tour.	I would appreciate it if you could join us on July 25 from 11:30 to 1:30 in EB49C1 for this informal roundtable with the CEO of MEC, Harvey Plotnick and one of the founders, Jim Tour.	Will you please let Vanessa Groscrand know if you can attend at PHONE or please reply by e-mail to me.
2.  Please put meeting below on calendar.			Ina: 1.
So you can come check her out and of course stop by and say hi to me.	Hi Chris, yeah I ll be around this weekend and likely up for a drink or two.. As long as you don t keep spreading my weekend parties around my office!. Just kidding.. I actually got an email from Steph at the same time as you telling me about Dan so I don t know who else I would talk to that would care, but I can give it a shot.. Oh yeah...as for the girl I was thinking I should set you up with, she was away last week when you came in but if you re ever wandering around, she sits in the second office in that s behind you when you are standing at the reception desk, her name is Tina and she s one of our financial advisors, really cute really nice.	Oh yeah...as for the girl I was thinking I should set you up with, she was away last week when you came in but if you re ever wandering around, she sits in the second office in that s behind you when you are standing at the reception desk, her name is Tina and she s one of our financial advisors, really cute really nice.	So you can come check her out and of course stop by and say hi to me.
Sharon, would you please set up a meeting as follows sometime after November 27, 2001.			Sharon, would you please set up a meeting as follows sometime after November 27, 2001.
Please review the below meeting notes.	FYI.. 12/06/00. Thank you for your participation in last week 01,s Content Strategy/User 20 Experience meeting.	Thank you for your participation in last week 01,s Content Strategy/User 20 Experience meeting.	Please review the below meeting notes.
Here s some info on Gila Bend - - - please use with discretion.	Kevin,	Kevin,	Here s some info on Gila Bend - - - please use with discretion.
Can you please validate if this is his gas or if this deal ticket should have	We should probably take this deal to zero.. Carlos - Please check with measurement to determine if this volume is correct.. We may have some bad information feeding through.. D. Have you found anything?. Julie. Forwarded by Julie Meyers/HOU/ECT on 12/20/2000 01:53 PM. Julie- Sales 451362. We billed Wyman Gordon 363 mmbtus at 4.7328 in Sept 2000.. I spoke with Richard Moran at Wyman Gordon and he indicated that he has not had any physical gas deals with us in over a year and does not owe us the 1,718.01 we billed him for September.	I spoke with Richard Moran at Wyman Gordon and he indicated that he has not had any physical gas deals with us in over a year and does not owe us the 1,718.01 we billed him for September.	Can you please validate if this is his gas or if this deal ticket should have been linked to some type of financial deal.
Please forward to Rick s Government Affairs team in the USA.	Ginger --	Ginger --	Please forward to Rick s Government Affairs team in the USA.
Stephanie, as per the EOL help line, can you please set up my ID and			Stephanie, as per the EOL help line, can you please set up my ID and Password for Enron On Line today?
Patti, please run a report showing all of the sitara transport deals.	Please review the transport positions in sitara for next month.. We should have the Baja transport included.. 100,000 short for PG E topock, 80,000 long Citygate, and 20,000 long KRS.. The sj to socal transport should be broken out to like 24,000 topock, 14,000 mojave, and the balance to pg e topock.. Also, please check on the kingsgate to malin and stanfield to malin for next month.. What about sj to waha?	What about sj to waha?	Patti, please run a report showing all of the sitara transport deals.
Please reply with status of this project.	Tanya: On Friday I emailed a new vol curve to use for VAR testing.. I was under the impression that you could apply this vol curve to the price book and storage book and have a new experimental VAR number by Monday.. I have not received any response.	I have not received any response.	Please reply with status of this project.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	constance kosuda po box 308 mount holly, NJ 08060 ckosuda yahoo.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please mark your calendar for April 23, 2002 for the Children s Museum	Hi Wes,	Hi Wes,	Please mark your calendar for April 23, 2002 for the Children s Museum Houston - Annual Golf Tournament.
I am not in the office today, so please include Renee Alfaro on your response.	Peggy Banczak is the ENA lawyer who handles Mexico.. I do not think the prior e-mail got through to Kay.. Are either of you familiar with this project?. We have had no contact with the ENA/Enron Mexico commercial or legal people and I don t want to bust any structuring goals.. Our project manager Scott Laidlaw and engineer Harry Okabayashi want to issue a tasking letter to procure engineering services on this project to support the ENA work.. I now understand that someone at ENA/Enron Mexico/Enron Wholesale has signed an EPC contract with ABB for this project.	I now understand that someone at ENA/Enron Mexico/Enron Wholesale has signed an EPC contract with ABB for this project.	I am not in the office today, so please include Renee Alfaro on your response.
renew, call me as soon as possible at 713/659-5100.	I have sent you a check.. I will take more tickets if someone drops out.. I have received an invoice from the Rockets for next season s tickets.. The total amount is 19,712.00, or 112 per seat.. According to the Rockets, there will be no increase for this season or the 2002/2003 season but wait until the new arena is built in 2003!. .. The breakdown is as follows: Bill Gage 25 : 4928 less 736 previously paid ; Bob Roten 25 : 4928; Glenn Ballard 12.5 : 2464; Pat Doherty 12.5 : 2464; Richard Sanders 12.5 : 2464; and Bill Eggleston 12.5 : 2464.. If you want to renew, I need your check by June 15.	If you want to renew, I need your check by June 15.	If you do not want to renew, call me as soon as possible at 713/ PHONE .
Please review the attached language which was drafted to conform to the two			Please review the attached language which was drafted to conform to the two 2 EOL BOFC par forward products.
and add you to the distribution list.	There is also a california update call used to be daily, now weekly .	There is also a california update call used to be daily, now weekly .	Marcia Linton Jim Steffes assistant can give you the call in information and add you to the distribution list.
Martha, please get me a half hour Tuesday	I have been updated by Susan on her largely futile efforts to push ECS on the 200k we think they owe us.	I have been updated by Susan on her largely futile efforts to push ECS on the 200k we think they owe us.	Martha, please get me a half hour Tuesday with Susan, James and Kevin so we can decide how to get closure on this.
Please provide action step implementation detail along with completion date and submit return response to Donna Lowry.	The target date specified in an open audit observation has been reached.. Click on the document link below to view the observation / action step s .	Click on the document link below to view the observation / action step s .	Please provide action step implementation detail along with completion date and submit return response to Donna Lowry.
Please forward to Matt Smith and others.			Please forward to Matt Smith and others.
If you would prefer not to receive future messages from Email OffersOnDemand, please scroll to the bottom of this message and follow the instructions.	IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE You are receiving this recurring mailing because you registered to receive special offers from an Email OffersOnDemand marketing partner.	IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE You are receiving this recurring mailing because you registered to receive special offers from an Email OffersOnDemand marketing partner.	If you would prefer not to receive future messages from Email OffersOnDemand, please scroll to the bottom of this message and follow the instructions.
This is great - please update and forward weekly.			This is great - please update and forward weekly.
Please print and fax the redlined version to me at the hotel.			Please print and fax the redlined version to me at the hotel.
them via a tracking number can you see if you can find them.	We are trying to track down the signed documents for this counterparty.. Our notes reflect that Samantha Boyd sent them up to Peter for execution on 3/9/01 with instructions to send them back to Samantha Boyd when executed.. My understanding is that they were signed in Canada and returned to Samantha, but they have not yet shown up here.	My understanding is that they were signed in Canada and returned to Samantha, but they have not yet shown up here.	If you sent them fedex and can track them via a tracking number can you see if you can find them.
I know you are so busy, but if it s possible, would you kindly  send?	Dear Ms. Sager, ?. This is one of the attendance of EEI Power Marketing Transactions workshop on April 18, 19.?. Thank you for your presentation,?it was very helpful to me and I really enjoyed it.. I asked you to send me the documents of your presentation your first presentation on April 18 by mail or e-mail, and you said you would do that.	I asked you to send me the documents of your presentation your first presentation on April 18 by mail or e-mail, and you said you would do that.	I know you are so busy, but if it s possible, would you kindly send?
Could you send my something in the inter-company	Anne,. I still haven t received any pay stubs since I have been in Houston.. Can I get copies of those somehow?	Can I get copies of those somehow?	Could you send my something in the inter-company mail so I can see if my mail stop has been really been changed?
Please review the attached documents from the tax perspective.	Mark-. The commercial folks here are anxiously awaiting the final approval of the Japanese ISDA documentation for IBJ, Mitsui, and Sanwa.. There are deals on the horizon and we need to have our documentation in order.. Please respond as soon as possible.. I ll try contacting you Tuesday at 6:00 p.m Houston time.. Susan-. Please provide your response regarding tax matters, as soon as possible.. Thanks,. John. Hi Mark,. Thanks for your response.. Sorry, I didn t provide you my number here in Tokyo.. For future reference, my office number is 81- PHONE .. I ll try to give you a ring Wednesday morning Houston time to discuss the going forward strategy.. Attached hereto, are the draft documents, modified in accordance with your comments/questions and my responsive comments which are set forth below in red .. Look forward to seeing you soon.. Hi Susan-	Hi Susan-	Please review the attached documents from the tax perspective.
Please call either myself	Steve,. as we have discussed, I want to develop a model that can be used to determine the actual value of storage by looking at deals done in the past.. In doing this, I need the model to be able to pull historical curves from Oracle by basis location.. It will need to pull Interest Rate, Gas Daily, Balance of the month Swing Swap , Nymex and Basis.. Once all of the pricing curves are pulled, the model will make daily decisions based on price relative to each other to buy, sell or hold.. This will probably be an extensive project so see about the pulling of the curves first, and we can move forward from there.	This will probably be an extensive project so see about the pulling of the curves first, and we can move forward from there.	Please call either myself or Matt Smith with any questions.
Please get out this week if at all possible.	Before a Master can be drafted, the credit dept.. must issue a credit sheet.. I will request credit sheet and prepare a draft,. Tammi,. Is the delivery term one year or less?. If not, please let me know the term.. Thanks!. Debra Perlingiere Enron North America Corp. Legal Department 1400 Smith Street, EB 3885 Houston, Texas 77002 dperlin enron.com Phone PHONE Fax PHONE . Can y all help Tammi with this?. Thanks!. Cyn. Please send a Master Firm Portfolia contract to the City of Cartersville Gas Department You can call my contact for any info you may need in order to get the contract out the door.. Debbie Lukette PHONE , etx 25. Willams Energy is the agent for Cartersville so they as in Debbie need to receive the contract.	Willams Energy is the agent for Cartersville so they as in Debbie need to receive the contract.	Please get out this week if at all possible.
Please review the attached documents from the tax perspective.	Hi Mark,. Thanks for your response.. Sorry, I didn t provide you my number here in Tokyo.. For future reference, my office number is 81- PHONE .. I ll try to give you a ring Wednesday morning Houston time to discuss the going forward strategy.. Attached hereto, are the draft documents, modified in accordance with your comments/questions and my responsive comments which are set forth below in red .. Look forward to seeing you soon.. Hi Susan-	Hi Susan-	Please review the attached documents from the tax perspective.
I am going to send all of our File Migration compliance forms in one batch, so give them to me when you have signed the Document Migration Certificate.	For New UBS employees	For New UBS employees	I am going to send all of our File Migration compliance forms in one batch, so give them to me when you have signed the Document Migration Certificate.
Please provide this information to me by April 2.	That should be fine, as long as you keep to a general overview and dissertation work.. You can talk about different modeling approaches in the industry, and indicate, if asked, that Enron looks at all approaches but not be specific about which particular one we believe in.. Can you give me more details on the meeting?. I may like to attend as well.. Thanks, Vasant. Vince and Vasant,. I was asked by one of my advisors to be on a panel for the summer Power Engineering Society.. I stated that I couldn t divulge any information on modeling efforts at Enron but could give a general overview and cover my dissertation work.. He stated that he understood and other companies had expressed similar concerns.. I guess that I need your OK to attend this presentation and present.. Thanks, Lance. Gentlemen:. Thank you for agreeing to participate on the panel.. To comply with the quality control requirements of the society I must request from each of you the following: 1.. Name, affiliation, and title of presentation as you want it listed in program.. 2.. A 2-6 summary of the presentation.. These summaries will appear in the proceedings.. Many speakers simply provide a few powerpoint slides that contain this information, or alternatively, a few paragraphs of text summarizing the points they intend to make in their presentations.	Many speakers simply provide a few powerpoint slides that contain this information, or alternatively, a few paragraphs of text summarizing the points they intend to make in their presentations.	Please provide this information to me by April 2.
Taffy, can you email a copy of the agreement to Dan	Robert, I have modified the attached as requested.. Dan,. Ann Elizabeth prepared an agreement last week whereby Harris County MUD No.. 23 would be allowed certain access across HPL Bammel property to do work on their drainage ditches.. After a review of the agreement by Steve Schneider, he suggested that language be added concerning a matting of the property over the pipelines when heavy machinery is used.. Also, he suggested that language as to property/road restoration be added.	Also, he suggested that language as to property/road restoration be added.	Taffy, can you email a copy of the agreement to Dan so he can make these changes I was only provided hard copies ?
For your workstation to receive the update immediately:   Please logout and	....................VERY IMPORTANT.............PLEASE READ FOLLOWING.............................. We have discovered some new variants with the I LOVE YOU virus.. To ensure that we are fully protected, the latest virus updates have been deployed to our distribution servers.	To ensure that we are fully protected, the latest virus updates have been deployed to our distribution servers.	For your workstation to receive the update immediately: Please logout and re login to your workstation.
Please make the check out to the National MS Society  50 .	Kay,. Thanks for the help yesterday, and thanks for remember ing the MS pledge.	Thanks for the help yesterday, and thanks for remember ing the MS pledge.	Please make the check out to the National MS Society 50 .
Please check with the others on	David-. The 22nd or 24th would work better for me.	The 22nd or 24th would work better for me.	Please check with the others on which day is more convenient.
please, could you schedule a couple of seminars for our people to help them to become acustomed to the Live Link.	Jag,. well done!	well done!	please, could you schedule a couple of seminars for our people to help them to become acustomed to the Live Link.
Please open the attached file to read the complete text of the following			Please open the attached file to read the complete text of the following items:
Please give this a look and take a first stab at it.			Please give this a look and take a first stab at it.
Go ahead and release but make sure Mark Metss  group have seen the financials before releasing to UBS.	Thanks.	Thanks.	Go ahead and release but make sure Mark Metss group have seen the financials before releasing to UBS.
Please review the attached deal for credit approval			Please review the attached deal for credit approval
Please call me later today.	Phillip Kieth; ?. I completed the following documents last night and I forgot to get them e-mailed to you, sorry.. ?	?	Please call me later today.
Please add/delete as needed.	Steve, I ve recommended below the Enron officers and directors who should participate in this year s survey.	Steve, I ve recommended below the Enron officers and directors who should participate in this year s survey.	Please add/delete as needed.
Guys, please mark your calendars for the 2000 ENA Management Offsite			Guys, please mark your calendars for the 2000 ENA Management Offsite scheduled for December 14th and 15th at the Venetian in Las Vegas.
Please call me at	Stacey, I need your help in clearing PMA s for Oasis.. I have a lot of PMA s for 1999 related to rates missing or incorrect.. Would you help me by passing the information along to me?. Jan 1999 Mar 1999 Jun 1999 Aug 1999 Sep 1999. The Volume Management group Rita Wynne s group wants to have the rates cleared up by Wednesday next week, which means I will probably need to get something from you by Monday.. Sorry for the late notice.	Sorry for the late notice.	Please call me at x 3-1836 if you have any questions.
Please, stop by to chat about it for a few minutes.	David,	David,	Please, stop by to chat about it for a few minutes.
To  unsubscribe from this mailing list, send us an email   with the word  remove  in the subject field.	IMAGE Good News For Our Customers!. IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE During The Month Of December We Pay All Deposit Fees!. Good Things Come In Threes 1.. As an early Christmas present SportingbetUSA will cover all deposit fees during the month of December made by credit card, Pay Pal or Fire Pay.. 2.. Another deposit option is Western Union .. We will cover fees for Western Union deposits of 300 or more.. 3.. Play with 50 of your deposit before we receive it!. Deposit with a Cashier s Check or Bank Wire and play with 50 of that deposit when we receive fax confirmation of shipping.. IMAGE 10 Reload Bonus SportingbetUSA is offering a great opportunity to its clients.. A special 10 Re-Load Bonus .. If you make a Re-Load deposit between December 6th and midnight December 7th, SportingbetUSA will give you a 10 Cash Bonus and as usual you Bet The Bonus Only Once before it s yours.. ET Check Out Our Lines On These Games Click Here To Chat Live With A Customer Service Representative.. IMAGE Daily Pick Four Contest Free Entry Answer four questions on the games correctly and you win 1,000!	IMAGE Daily Pick Four Contest Free Entry Answer four questions on the games correctly and you win 1,000!	IMAGE Check Out OurNFL Props To unsubscribe from this mailing list, send us an email with the word remove in the subject field.
Please advise me at your earliest convenience	Eric, Need your help on this.. Let s get a copy of the grazing lease that Candy is referring to in the E-mail.. I am not clear on what she means by having Merl operate the well.. I think she means allow him to graze this area under the terms of his existing lease, but I am not sure.. Can you get with Candy on this?. Thanks.. Nathan tells me that he has a request in to you for a dollar evaluation of the Hamill Gas Unit 1 water well that EOG recently assigned and conveyed over to HPL at my request.	Nathan tells me that he has a request in to you for a dollar evaluation of the Hamill Gas Unit 1 water well that EOG recently assigned and conveyed over to HPL at my request.	Please advise me at your earliest convenience what that value may be so that we can appropriately get it on our asset ledger.
Just call me once you decide who should handle this--Jeff	One of the trading desks is ready to support a new product on EOL for transportation capacity.. This should be a very simple product.. At this point we don t need anything to feed back from EOL to Sitara at all.. The product can easily be added on the current gas screen with no new fields at all on the front screen.. We will explain the product in detail in the Product Description.. The attachment below shows an example of how the fields would look for the product, and a first draft at a Product Description.. I have only done a description of one product--at this time I am aware of three different products like this.. Gerald, Steve-- I have made a feeble attempt at a Product Description--it obviously needs one of you to fix it up .. We can discuss my intent after you have had a chance to review it.	We can discuss my intent after you have had a chance to review it.	Just call me once you decide who should handle this--Jeff Hodge suggested that I start with you two.
Can you give me a little background	Hi Clark,. Good to hear from you.. I m headed to NYC this week, so lunch doesn t look good.. I would love to see Nancy, though.. She did a very nice job for us.. I can t find any information on Corey.	I can t find any information on Corey.	Can you give me a little background information?
Please stop by my desk when you get a chance.	Hello.	Hello.	Please stop by my desk when you get a chance.
you please print the attached document and obtain Bryan, Ted, News/Jordan and	While reviewing our trading limit documentation, I realized we never obtained signatures on the limit application for Credit Trading that was approved in the December BOD meeting, and I d like to complete our policy files.	While reviewing our trading limit documentation, I realized we never obtained signatures on the limit application for Credit Trading that was approved in the December BOD meeting, and I d like to complete our policy files.	Would you please print the attached document and obtain Bryan, Ted, News/Jordan and then Sherriff s signatures, and fax it back to me at PHONE for our files?
Please reference the order tracking number.	Dear Mr. LARRY CAMPBELL:. Thank you for your order.. You bought 20 shares of JNPR Juniper Networks Inc Com at 181 15/16.. ORDER DETAILS: The tracking number for this order is: B-300-AAYY-7964 Order entered at: 12:05:30 on 11/15/00 Order processing began at: 12:05:31 Order executed at: 12:05:31 on 11/15/00. You will receive a printed Datek Online confirmation by postal mail, or by electronic delivery if you are subscribed to that service.. Questions regarding this transaction?. Contact our Customer Support department by e-mailing support datek.com.	Contact our Customer Support department by e-mailing support datek.com.	Please reference the order tracking number.
Please reference the order tracking number.	Dear Mr. LARRY CAMPBELL:. Thank you for your order.. You bought 100 shares of PMCS Pmc-sierra Inc Com at PHONE 00.. ORDER DETAILS: The tracking number for this order is: B-500-AASM-3859 Order entered at: 11:36:07 on 11/13/00 Order processing began at: 11:36:08 Order executed at: 11:36:24 on 11/13/00. You will receive a printed Datek Online confirmation by postal mail, or by electronic delivery if you are subscribed to that service.. Questions regarding this transaction?. Contact our Customer Support department by e-mailing support datek.com.	Contact our Customer Support department by e-mailing support datek.com.	Please reference the order tracking number.
Please prepare a revised draft ISDA based on the attached credit worksheet.			Please prepare a revised draft ISDA based on the attached credit worksheet.
you could send me  also cc. to amicaliz sda.uni-bocconi.it  a list of 5-10			-Origin: Kaminski-V X-FileName: vkamins.nsf
Can you verify?	What kind of contract?. Think the 6-8 months is baloney.	Think the 6-8 months is baloney.	Can you verify?
I need your help on something.	Kam,	Kam,	I need your help on something.
Please call me at  713  221-1131 with your questions.	Kay, please read this memo...Because you will be working with the originators and will be the first lawyer to know when the condition of the orders is filled you are probably the right person to blow the whistle for the 13D filing...Let me know if you think otherwise. Attached is the memo regarding the Schedule 13D filing requirements in connection with the FuelCell transaction.	Attached is the memo regarding the Schedule 13D filing requirements in connection with the FuelCell transaction.	Please call me at PHONE with your questions.
Could you please get Dick to sign this?	Hi Carlos,	Hi Carlos,	Could you please get Dick to sign this?
Please donate this money to the funds set up to	peter mather 364 commercial st provincetown, MA 02657 ptmather aol.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealin peter mather
Please review the attached outage report, and also send in any outages thro	FYI, Kim.. Original Message. 09	09	Please review the attached outage report, and also send in any outages thro ugh the rest of this year and 2002.
Please respond to seminars mathworks.com			The MathWorks mathworks-mail mathworks.com on 01/26/2000 04:10:59 PM Please respond to seminars mathworks.com To: Vince J Kaminski/HOU/ECT ECT cc: Subject: Free Aerospace/Defense Applications Software Seminars in Texas
Please respond with any further comments, or an  okay ,  at	FYI. David,. My name is Leonardo Pacheco and I work for EnronOnline.. As you might know, Mario Parra left the group.. As of today, I will be helping you and your team with the implementation of your Auction.. I will review the documents and will send you my comments as soon as possible.. Let me know if you have any questions. Thanks!. Leonardo Pacheco ext.. 39938. Attached for review are both clean and redlined copies of the respective auction rules and the auction website text for the EOL Generation Capacity Products, following cleanup efforts to arrive at the final versions.. If these are acceptable, we should proceed with the programming and implementation.	If these are acceptable, we should proceed with the programming and implementation.	Please respond with any further comments, or an okay , at your earlier opportunity.
Could you set up the deal for ICC Energy Corp for 10/99 production?			Could you set up the deal for ICC Energy Corp for 10/99 production?
Can you review and advise?	Some changes.	Some changes.	Can you review and advise?
questions regarding this assignment, please call me at 678-579-3463.	FYI...assignment or capacity release?. As per our conversation, please assign TW contracts PHONE 1 and 27017 to BP Energy effective November 1, 2000.. You may contact Ms. Penny Barry PHONE at BP Energy for confirmation.	You may contact Ms. Penny Barry PHONE at BP Energy for confirmation.	If you have any additional questions regarding this assignment, please call me at PHONE .
Send me an e-mail as soon as you get this verifying your status..	Brock... what s going on ?. We need to hear back from you regarding work.. I left you a message and Dawn has left you two !!. !	!	Send me an e-mail as soon as you get this verifying your status..
attending please send me an email, letting me know your preference as far as	?CAREER CHANGERS SEMINAR: May 01 grads.. are welcome to attend a seminar for individuals considering transitioning into a different line of work.?. We will focus on how to leverage transferrable ability, skills and knowledge into a different career path.?. This seminar will be on a Saturday in June, tentatively either 6/9 or 6/16 from 10 to 3.?	This seminar will be on a Saturday in June, tentatively either 6/9 or 6/16 from 10 to 3.?	If you are interested in attending please send me an email, letting me know your preference as far as a date.?
Please save this e-mail.			Please save this e-mail.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Dan Wainberg Jamaica Plain, MA 02130 c12cshift yahoo.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Check out the latest features, new tools,	I N S I D E I N V E S T O R A M A November 22, 2000 Your Portal to Financial Freedom http://www.investorama.com/. Dear Dominator128,. Welcome to Inside Investorama, your weekly email newsletter bringing you the best of Investorama this week.	Welcome to Inside Investorama, your weekly email newsletter bringing you the best of Investorama this week.	Check out the latest features, new tools, and what s happening in the community.
Please respond no later than 10am on Wednesday, September 26.	Tana/Kelly/Karen:. The product long descriptions below will fall under the new product type:. US Recycled DLK Phy. Credit Tom Moran has approved copying the profiles for the new product type from the following:. US Recycled OCC Phy	US Recycled OCC Phy	Please respond no later than 10am on Wednesday, September 26.
Rod pls provide your input to Sara on credit for Capsa,	Rod: And what lawyer is handling this in your presence?. This is beginning to sound like Koch and all of the Koch separate trading entities!!!!. My brain is full now.. Rod/Sara: last week we met with Capex and everything is advancing very well.. They see the signing of the ISDA as a very simple process, as they have several of them signed.. But we need to take into account the following: They want to sign 2 ISDAs, 1 with CAPEX and another one with CAPSA, because LPG, Oil and power are traded from the different entities They have a Fiduciary Assignment Agreement with IFC that we need to look at and if necessary add some language in the ISDA. We are sending you the IFC Agreement for your review and comment.. It will go by courrier cause of it s length.. Once you receive it pls.. review, and if we need to discuss anything with Capex, coordinate with Patrick to arrange a conference call.. Patrick will be involved in the process as he needs to fully understand the ISDA document due to EOL which is scheduled to come on later this year.. Sara, we will need an ISDA for CAPSA as well.. It will be identical to the CAPEX I believe.	It will be identical to the CAPEX I believe.	Rod pls provide your input to Sara on credit for Capsa, considering the no threshold issue.
Please call me with	Attached is the revised SPA Amendment incorporating Zisman s comments.. Please let me know if I am authorized to release this to AES.. Best regards.. Aaron P. Roffwarg Bracewell Patterson, LLP South Tower Pennzoil Place 711 Louisiana St. Houston, Texas 770 PHONE Ph PHONE Fax. CONFIDENTIALITY STATEMENT: This information is intended only for the use of the individual or entity to which it is addressed and may contain information that is privileged, confidential, and/or exempt from disclosure under applicable law.. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination of this information is strictly prohibited.. If you have received this information in error, please notify us immediately by telephone at PHONE or by fax at PHONE , and confirm that you have destroyed this information and any copies.. Thank you.. Ben.F.Jacoby enron.com 04/30/01 10:02AM. Aaron:. Please check with Stuart / Kay on this.. We need to send it out as soon as possible.. Thanks,. Ben. Per my discussions with Ben and Stuart, attached is a new redline of the SPA Amendment reflecting the revised business terms.	Per my discussions with Ben and Stuart, attached is a new redline of the SPA Amendment reflecting the revised business terms.	Please call me with comments.
Please direct your comments to me.	See the attached.. The parties need to identify all applicable guaranties.. Note that the representations have been revised on the basis of the revised UCC 9.	Note that the representations have been revised on the basis of the revised UCC 9.	Please direct your comments to me.
Please read and retain this	DELL ENRON ClickAtHome ORDER CONFIRMATION Thank you for your Enron ClickAtHome order!	DELL ENRON ClickAtHome ORDER CONFIRMATION Thank you for your Enron ClickAtHome order!	Please read and retain this e-mail for your records.
Could you resend them?	David,. I believe you sent me some comments to the Fuel Cell equipment purchase contract.. I now cannot locate those comments.	I now cannot locate those comments.	Could you resend them?
Please do send it out.			Please do send it out.
Mary - Please repath these deals and let Megan know when you re done.	On Feb 7, we sold 10,000 to Duke Energy Field Services at Waha.. However, I entered the deal 603484 under Duke Energy Marketing Can you believe I made a mistake?. .. To correct this, I created a new ticket 700132 under DEFS.	To correct this, I created a new ticket 700132 under DEFS.	Mary - Please repath these deals and let Megan know when you re done.
I f you haven t already done so, please review the attachments.			I f you haven t already done so, please review the attachments.
WOULD YOU PLEASE CHECK THESE FOLKS OUT WITH YOUR LONDON PEOPLE, AND GET	Herewith a few ideas for the October meeting in London, some of them after checking with Paul Portney and with Pankaj.. I offer these very, very preliminary thoughts just to start you thinking - do you want your UK colleagues on the program; do we want some ancillary events?. After getting your views on questions such as these, I can make more definite suggestions.. I certainly think that we should convene a few hours before the opening dinner so that the advisors can have a tour of the building and the facilities.. Also, I am hoping that Steve will leave some time on this trip for a tour of the new BA headquarters - very innovative.. We should consider doing something on the global warming question from the viewpoint of the Europeans.. Start with three recommendations on the political side that Paul received from David Victor of the Council on Foreign Relations characterized as a VERY smart guy on climate : Tony Brenton Deputy chief of mission, UK embassy in DC.. Has been on UK climate delegations for a decade; smart and lively; pragmatic; insightful .. Bo Kjellen Swedish head of delegation; knows European politics inside out; big figure in Europe .. Tubiana, Laurence Conseil d Analyse Economique, France; knows the issue and can speak to French position, but may not have the gravitas of Kjellen or Brenton .. Among other ideas I have winnowed out several is a guy named Liam Salter at Climate Network Europe.. Brussels based, but relatively junior.. Paul also recommends a woman by the name of Laurence Tubiana, an economist in the French government s equivalent of the CEA; she has a reputation as a good presenter and a good economist.	Paul also recommends a woman by the name of Laurence Tubiana, an economist in the French government s equivalent of the CEA; she has a reputation as a good presenter and a good economist.	WOULD YOU PLEASE CHECK THESE FOLKS OUT WITH YOUR LONDON PEOPLE, AND GET ADDITIONAL NAMES FROM THEM.
Bear with AR, and call me about	I m home today Michael has strep again , but I will check email and you can call me at home.. This is a good start!	This is a good start!	Bear with AR, and call me about Barbara.
Can you review the PSA on Crescendo s behalf, or is this something Teresa			Can you review the PSA on Crescendo s behalf, or is this something Teresa Bushman or outside counsel should review?
Please call me asap.	Grant, The only change of any significance that Anne requested is the deletion of the words and Enron confirms the nomination, that was previously in the first line of the third paragraph under Other of the Spot Confirmation.. Please confirm if this deletion is okay.. If not, please let me know and I will put the words back.. The other changes were form type and did not change the document.	The other changes were form type and did not change the document.	Please call me asap.
Kaye:  Can you print a list of the documents in my folders so that I can			Kaye: Can you print a list of the documents in my folders so that I can eliminate old items?
Please respond to  nmann erac.com	I m leaving now.	I m leaving now.	Neil Mann nmann erac.com on 02/09/2001 04:03:43 PM Please respond to nmann erac.com To: C. Kay Mann E-mail Kay.Mann Enron.com cc:
Jeff: Please provide a brief development summary to the group outlining  in	Heather / Jeff:. Thanks for a copy of the draft PPA.. I ve addressed this to both of you as some of my questions are based on the interaction of the PPA vs. development timeline and risk.. Here are my thoughts / comments:. 1.. The PPA is really a free option through Nov. 30th, at which time we can choose to exercise our position and proceed.. How does this fit with our expectations regarding PUC approval of our CPCN which seems to be our highest risk development item ?. Have we gone back and submitted a modification to our CPCN for the 2- LM6000, and 1- SW501D5A config?. 2.. Do we need to define the Facility as dual fuel?. It will not initially be dual fuelled as we intend to field engineer the dual fuel capability.. 3.. Section 3.1 c .. This provision should acknowledge our right to sell base Contract Capacity as opposed to excess to any Person to the extent that VEPCO has not exercised their option to purchase such Contract Capacity.. In other words, this section should be consistent with sales allowances to other Persons in Section 3.4 b although that section only references energy sales .. 4.. Section 3.4.. Can we sell both day ahead energy and capacity to any Person to the extent VEPCO does not exercise their call by providing us the notice contemplated in Section 3.4 b the section only references an allowance for energy sales ?. 5.. Section 3.4 c Do the additional costs which this section requires Buyer to pay to the extent Buyer provides an intra-day notice include lost-profit costs arising from sales of energy and capacity by Seller to other Persons as permitted in Section 3.4 b ?. If so, I would suggest that this section make a specific reference, such as including any and all of Seller s lost-profit and transaction costs associated with energy and capacity sales to other Persons .. 6.. Do we have a project LLC formed which can serve as the entity signing the PPA?. Do we think VEPCO will ask for any corp. or ENA guarantees to the extent we use an LLC?. 7.. Have we worked with the accountants to make sure we can use MTM accounting given the terms of this PPA?	Have we worked with the accountants to make sure we can use MTM accounting given the terms of this PPA?	Jeff: Please provide a brief development summary to the group outlining in order of highest risk to lowest the various significant development items we ll need to deal with for this site i.e.
Would you please drop by?	Geir,. Your UBS application is missing some information.	Your UBS application is missing some information.	Would you please drop by?
Please make necessary changes to the database and	Please confirm that Lotus Notes is accurate for repo agreements by Wednesday, February 14.	Please confirm that Lotus Notes is accurate for repo agreements by Wednesday, February 14.	Please make necessary changes to the database and identify missing agreements.
Fran, could you work with Emily and find a time?	I had a prior obligation at lunch on Mon.. We need to reschedule the Leadership Dev.. mtg.	mtg.	Fran, could you work with Emily and find a time?
Dave or Mike, can you set up a call including Ogletree so we can get back to	We have gone past the 2 email limit on a subject so we have lost track of the original message.. I was not talking about Lakeworth but Dell, Eldorado, Southaven and Gila.. A conversation is in order.. We don t need help on setting up the gates on our sites so I am not sure why a drawing is being sent but lets talk about that next week.	We don t need help on setting up the gates on our sites so I am not sure why a drawing is being sent but lets talk about that next week.	Dave or Mike, can you set up a call including Ogletree so we can get back to the original question.
You might e:mail Mike and let him know that we have a spot for him with	Please put Mike on my calendar for Thursday lunch next week.. Steve and Richard are coming as well.. You might tell Mike that we can provide the two of them with desk space as well, but that we will reserve the spot with the computer and phone for Mike.. And schedule some time for me to meet with him on Thursday as well.. I will deal with Louise s meeting in another way.	I will deal with Louise s meeting in another way.	You might e:mail Mike and let him know that we have a spot for him with computer, network connection and phone on 33.
go ahead and over night that check.	i am glad you reminded me b/c i completely forgot.. this couldn t come at a better time b/c i am fucking broke.. i haven t been this since school.. send it to:. 1212 fairview a houston, tx 77006. wait until you get to glamorama.. it is the best except for 1 nasty chapter.. you will know when you get to it.. lsu is on espn this sat night.. look for me tied on to some 19 year old hottie drunk off my ass.. i will have some pledges tie around my head and bourbon all over the front of my shirt.	i will have some pledges tie around my head and bourbon all over the front of my shirt.	just go ahead and over night that check.
Can you also give me some other times on Tuesday  just in case one of the other participants can t do 10 -11 ?	Barry, I m trying to see if we can do it from 10 - 11 a.m. Houston time on Tuesday.. Is this time slot good for you?	Is this time slot good for you?	Can you also give me some other times on Tuesday just in case one of the other participants can t do 10 -11 ?
can you send me the phone numbers for me to call	good morning baby	good morning baby	can you send me the phone numbers for me to call
PLEASE REVIEW THE NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER BELOW	3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D As requested, your News Alert for YHOO follows from EquityAlert.com.. To edit/discontinue your alerts please refer to end of message.	To edit/discontinue your alerts please refer to end of message.	PLEASE REVIEW THE NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER BELOW 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D
MDA.    Cash is also accepted.   Call me when ready and I ll come collect or			Liz: Come by anytime...
Please review the language under B of Contract Price of the Transaction			Please review the language under B of Contract Price of the Transaction Agreement to see if it isn t sufficient to cover the concept under item 8 of Pasadena Usage under your term sheet.
Please add awais   sally to distribution			Please add awais sally to distribution
Please notify us	re: my prior email.. When you print these, please attach the email to the attachment hard copy .. thanks. Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 04/19/2001 11:32 AM. This e-mail is confidential and may well also be legally privileged.. If you have received it in error, you are on notice of its status.	If you have received it in error, you are on notice of its status.	Please notify us immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message from your system.
If this looks acceptable to you, please sign two originals and	Mike, please see the attached, which incorporates the changes we discussed yesterday.	Mike, please see the attached, which incorporates the changes we discussed yesterday.	If this looks acceptable to you, please sign two originals and forward them to me.
Call me at work.			Call me at work.
Please provide information on the current status and upcoming events for the	Ms. Hain -. please provide updates for the month of April for the matters referenced below and return to my attention by noon on Friday 4/6/01 ; the ENA Report is due the first Friday of the month. please advise of any questions, comments or concerns. Eric Benson PHONE . Ms. Hain -. Jim Steffes has asked that I help put together the ENA Government Affairs Report.. The concept is to make the report a forward document as well as reporting on items that have occurred.. The report is due to ENA management the first week of each month.	The report is due to ENA management the first week of each month.	Please provide information on the current status and upcoming events for the following projects by Friday, March 2, 2001.
assistant, please make sure they forward that information on to the A/A	1.. To all A/A Pool members: it is important that you let us know of any time you have taken off.	To all A/A Pool members: it is important that you let us know of any time you have taken off.	To those members who are sending time on to your assistant, please make sure they forward that information on to the A/A program.
Please review and add the relevant pricing structure.	Attached is a rough draft of the pricing letter for Kennedy Oil on the excess gas volumes.	Attached is a rough draft of the pricing letter for Kennedy Oil on the excess gas volumes.	Please review and add the relevant pricing structure.
IMAGE 09 09 09 09 09 Now Playing in Theaters near ZIP Code 77055  Please	IMAGE IMAGE 09 09 09 09 09Showtimes starting Friday, November 23, 2001, near Z IP code 77055 To receive showtimes for a ZIP code different from 77055 in future e-mails, click here .. 09 IMAGE 09 IMAGE 09 09 IMAGE Now Playing: Harry Potter and the Sorcerer s Stone Harry Potter and the Sorcerer s Stone PGDaniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint With a record-breaking opening weekend, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer s Stone continues to enchant moviegoers, who are flying to theaters faste r than a Quidditch Snitch to get a look at the screen adaptation of J.K. R owlings beloved novel.. Also in theaters this holiday weekend: Robert Redf ord and Brad Pitt play a Spy Game , Martin Lawrence is a Black Knight tr ansported back to the Middle Ages, and a gang of snowboarders take to the slopes in Out Cold .. IMAGE Visit our Harry Potter Store for books, toy s, journals, gifts, and more.. 09 09 09 09 IMAGE 09 IMAGE 09 09 09Showtimes for Harry Potter and the Sorcerer s Stone AMC Studio 30 American Multi-Cinema 2949 Dunvale, Houston, TX 77063, PHONE Showtimes: 10:00am 10:30am 11:00am 11:30am 12:00pm 12: 30pm 1:15pm 1:45pm 2:30pm 3:00pm 3:30pm 4:00pm 4:30pm 5:00 pm 6:00pm 6:30pm 7:00pm 7:30pm 8:00pm 8:30pm 9:15pm 9:45pm 10:15pm 10:45pm 11:15pm 11:45pm 12:30am 09 Viewer Favorites Updated Weekly cover Harry Potter and the Sorcerer s Stone Monsters, Inc. Mulholland Drive K-PAX Serendipity Go!Complete list Now Playing: Monsters, Inc.. IMAGE Take a look inside Monsters, Inc. , the new animated comedy from the makers of Toy Story.. You won t believe yo ur eye!. 09 09 IMAGE 09 IMAGE 09 09 09 09 09 Films Opening This Week: Amelie RAudrey Tautou, Mathieu Kassovitz IMAGE See Showtimes and more Black Knight PG-13Mar tin Lawrence, Tom Wilkinson IMAGE See Showtimes and more Harry Potter and the Sorcerer s Stone PGDaniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint IMAGE See Sh owtimes and more Novocaine RSteve Martin, Helena Bonham Carter IMAGE See Showtimes and more Out Cold RFlex Alexander, David Denman IMAGE See Showtimes and more The Spy Game RRobert Redford, Brad Pitt IMAGE See Showtimes and more The Wash RDr.	09 09 IMAGE 09 IMAGE 09 09 09 09 09 Films Opening This Week: Amelie RAudrey Tautou, Mathieu Kassovitz IMAGE See Showtimes and more Black Knight PG-13Mar tin Lawrence, Tom Wilkinson IMAGE See Showtimes and more Harry Potter and the Sorcerer s Stone PGDaniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint IMAGE See Sh owtimes and more Novocaine RSteve Martin, Helena Bonham Carter IMAGE See Showtimes and more Out Cold RFlex Alexander, David Denman IMAGE See Showtimes and more The Spy Game RRobert Redford, Brad Pitt IMAGE See Showtimes and more The Wash RDr.	Dre, Snoop Doggy Dogg IMAGE Se e Showtimes and more 09 IMAGE 09 IMAGE 09 09 09 09 09 Now Playing in Theaters near ZIP Code 77055 Please note: These showtimes start on Friday, November 23, 2001.
Please respond no later than 11 a.m. on Wednesday, April 19.	Tana/Kelly/Karen:. The product long descriptions below will fall under the 8 new product types:. US RGC3 Fin Opt Call US RGC3 Fin Opt Put US Ethylene Fin Opt Call US Ethylene Fin Opt Put US LLDPE Fin Opt Call US LLDPE Fin Opt Put US PP-HP Fin Opt Call US PP-HP Fin Opt Put. Credit Tom Moran has approved copying the profiles for all of these new product types from the following:. US Plastic RGC3 Fin Swap	US Plastic RGC3 Fin Swap	Please respond no later than 11 a.m. on Wednesday, April 19.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Brian Boyce 207 14th St NW 2 Charlottesville, VA 22903 boycebrian hotmail.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please bring it to class or keep it in mind when evaluating	Dear fellow students,. As classes are about to end for the semester, we will be asked to complete Instructor Evaluations Forms for each class taken.. The evaluations are one of the most effective tools we have as students to ensure the quality of instruction remains high and our tuition dollars are used effectively.. Both the Student Advisory Committee and the Evening MBA Association work hard to improve the program but our efforts become difficult when those professors whom students felt were not up to par receive high marks.. The evaluations are used in deciding whether to invite instructors back to the program.. Club 6 is an elite group of professors that have received a median evaluation of 6.0 or better.. Students should consider a rating of 6 as a sign of an outstanding teacher.. This will allow us to truly reward and distinguish the professors that stand out.. Please keep the following in mind when considering the Instructor Evaluation Forms.. 1.. Courses taught by multiple professors require multiple evaluations.. Not all instructors add the same value and we should recognize this.. Please differentiate your evaluations being specific about each professor and his/her specific strenghts and weaknesses.. 2.. Some classes are more fun than others.. Please keep in mind that the form clearly distingushes between the course strenghts and the instructor s effectiveness in teaching the course.. While some classes are not so popular, the professors teaching those courses might be truly outstanding.. 3.. Many people reported to us that they did not have a reference scale to guide them in making evaluation decisions.. Keep in mind that 6 is considered an above average performanace.. The following is the reference scale provided a while back.	The following is the reference scale provided a while back.	Please bring it to class or keep it in mind when evaluating the faculty.
Please make a note of the following.			Please make a note of the following.
Please give me your feedback/comments.	Give me a call when you get the chance to look at this and I ll update you on the discussion we had yesterday on automating the request for service process.. Shelley, Tony and myself got comfortable that with a few changes to the verbiage a customer sees before he clicks on a parcel of capacity, and with a couple of minor limitations on the capacity we sell i.e., no Subpart B-restricted 311 capacity parcels Northern will be able to treat a customer s click on a parcel of capacity as submission of a request for service.. Attached is a revised draft of the text appearing with the long product description on EOL, as discussed today.. The purpose of the additional paragraph is to eliminate the need for a separate submission of a request for service.	The purpose of the additional paragraph is to eliminate the need for a separate submission of a request for service.	Please give me your feedback/comments.
Dorie, pls hold 6 tickets for me for the Sunday event.			Dorie, pls hold 6 tickets for me for the Sunday event.
At Mark Taylor s request, please arrange an office, computer, and phones for	I m in Buenos Aires today and talked to Andrea about her computer.. While they are having big problems with her laptop it likes to eat hard drives she will be able to bring it along it s a Compaq Armada 1500C - will that fit in the docking station?. .. In case it isn t working, can we get her set up with one of the Windows 2000 machines that are being installed Tuesday morning?. Mark. She can use EB3891 and the extension for that office is 5-7780.. For the next 2 weeks.. Please advise her to bring her own laptop.. There is an empty docking station available in EB3891 for her use.. Joya. Good morning, girls.. Did you know that Andrea Calo, attorney from the Argentina office, is coming to the Houston office on Monday morning , May 1, for a two week stay?	Did you know that Andrea Calo, attorney from the Argentina office, is coming to the Houston office on Monday morning , May 1, for a two week stay?	At Mark Taylor s request, please arrange an office, computer, and phones for her.
apparently , please mark your comments on the document and get them to me			For those of you new to the drafting and commenting process Doug apparently , please mark your comments on the document and get them to me ASAP.
Please call me with any questions.	Here is the second data request.	Here is the second data request.	Please call me with any questions.
Yvan, and Ben, please provide answers to these question via written	Please send me an excel spreadsheet which depicts the value that you see associated with the heat rate spread option.. I want to make sure that I understand exactly how you propose valuing the transaction and how this value would be booked.. As such, please provide the following detail:. Will we be valuing/booking a series of monthly call options or a series of daily call options?. What power curve are we valuing the deal against - PJM East or West Hub?. Please send me the current fuel curve that you are converting to /MWh to value the deal?. What volatilities are you using to value the options - monthly volatilities or intra-day volatilities or a blend of the two if blending please show me what formula you using to blend the two vols ?. What expiration date are you using, i.e.. : for monthly call options the 15th of the relevant month, and for daily options?. What correlation are you assuming, 15 flat for twenty years?. Are you deducting all operating expenses from the value of the option?. Are you using the SPRDOPT Exotic Options function to value the option?. Are you using the /MWh VOM dollar amount as your strike?. Has Don provided the fixed payment stream?. This stream should be covering both P I and not just principal.	This stream should be covering both P I and not just principal.	Yvan, and Ben, please provide answers to these question via written correspondence so that their is limited probability of misunderstanding.
Can you get me the schedule as to which schools will be here	I would like to help on the Nov 18 analyst super saturday also.. Jeff. Jeff thanks alot.. I really appreciate it.. Here are the schedule of schools:. November4th Analysts Rice, UT, Baylor, Texas A M, OU, Florida, LSU and Univ.. of Houston. November 11th Associates Columbia, NYU Stern, UCLA, UVA Darden , Cornell and Vanderbilt. December 9th Wellesley, overflow and re-schedules from previous Super Saturdays. If you don t have a preference.. I would prefer that you do either November 4th or 11th.. I think that would be most beneficial.. You are certainly welcome to do both but I didn t want to push my luck smile .. Please let me know as soon as possible so that I can get someone else for the ones you can t attend.. Again, thanks alot.. Charlene. Glad to help.	Glad to help.	Can you get me the schedule as to which schools will be here on those dates.
When you get a chance, can you forward to me a copy of the muni check list	Hey Sara,	Hey Sara,	When you get a chance, can you forward to me a copy of the muni check list recently prepared for Kim W.
Please give her a call when possible.	Hello Eric. Jennifer Blevins of El Paso PHONE is trying to get in touch with you.	Jennifer Blevins of El Paso PHONE is trying to get in touch with you.	Please give her a call when possible.
be interested in attending our next luncheon on February 14, please forward	Debra Perlingiere Enron North America Corp. Legal Department 1400 Smith Street, EB 3885 Houston, Texas 77002 dperlin enron.com Phone PHONE Fax PHONE . Dear WEN Members-2000:. We have not received your 2001 membership applications.. You are in danger of being dropped from the membership directory for 2001 and from receiving monthly luncheon notices.. Please send in your application for 2001 see attached form and your 30 membership dues AS SOON AS POSSIBLE!. In the past, the WEN Board has sent you a copy of the monthly luncheon meeting notice and the bi-monthly newsletter by both e-mail and regular mail.. The WEN Board recently voted to discontinue sending notices by regular mail.. Beginning with this e-mail message, you will receive future meeting notices and the WEN newsletter by e-mail only.. Those members for whom we do not have an e-mail address will continue to receive their notices by regular mail.. Keeping the above in mind, please make sure that you print the attached meeting notice as an extra reminder to yourself to sign up for the luncheon since you won t be receiving the hard copy in the mail.. We hope that you approve of this method.	We hope that you approve of this method.	If you have friends in mind that you think would be interested in attending our next luncheon on February 14, please forward the attached luncheon notice to them.
Can you send me the most recent version of the LV Co Gen facility agreement?	Hi Pete,	Hi Pete,	Can you send me the most recent version of the LV Co Gen facility agreement?
Please direct your response, as soon as possible, in care of  Brian	Attached is a follow-up data request for FERC s Bulk Power Investigation.	Attached is a follow-up data request for FERC s Bulk Power Investigation.	Please direct your response, as soon as possible, in care of Brian Harrington via e-mail, if possible at the following address.
Make sure you copy it exactly as it appears above.	I think we are staying in tonight.. I don t know of any big plans.. Eric,. I ll be in Argentina on the day of the Super Bowl.. Thanks for the invite.. What s the plan for tonight?. Dan. cc:. Hi!. I d like to invite you to: Super Bowl Party. Just click on the link below, and it will take you to my personal Evite event page to see everyone s comments, RSVP, and get all the details.. http://www.evite.com/respond?iid ICKFPPOYPDDPZAAWUWQV. I hope you can make it, and I look forward to seeing your reply on the event page!. Cheers!. Eric Bass. HAVING TROUBLE?. If nothing happens when you click the link above, use your mouse to cut and paste the entire address into your Web browser, then hit return.	If nothing happens when you click the link above, use your mouse to cut and paste the entire address into your Web browser, then hit return.	Make sure you copy it exactly as it appears above.
Aneela, could you call the business folks on the other side re: the following			Aneela, could you call the business folks on the other side re: the following brokerage agreements to find out if they could give their lawyers some gentle reminders about returning legal comments to us:
Please help us by	Post-Tour eNewsletter. You did it!. Another MS 150 has come and gone and we 01,ve already begun preparing for next year.. We were blessed with beautiful weather again this year, although it was a little too warm on Sunday.. On behalf of the Lone Star Chapter of the National Multiple Sclerosis Society, thank you for supporting the 2000 ISUZU MS 150 presented by The Home Depot!. Also, thank you for all of your calls, letters, and emails about the bike tour.. We 01,re still receiving a lot of positive feedback from riders sayin g that this was the best MS 150 ever.. We know you 01,re anxious to hear some results, so here 01,s the latest:. 61623; 7,500 people registered 2,440 registered online at www.ms150.org 61623; Approximately 6,500 people actually rode based on packets picked up 61623; Total online donations at www.ms150.org as of April 28 3D 186,38 9 61623; Number of hits per day at www.ms150.org 3D 65,000 61623; We 01,re still collecting and processing pledges daily, so we don 01,t know how much money we 01,ve raised yet.. However, it looks like we 01,re we ll on our way to raising 3 million, if not more!. If so, this will be the first time any MS bike tour has ever raised 3 million!	If so, this will be the first time any MS bike tour has ever raised 3 million!	Please help us by getting all pledges turned in by May 19.
Please take all	I fixed the volumes on deals 456638 and 456630 for the 31st.	I fixed the volumes on deals 456638 and 456630 for the 31st.	Please take all other volumes on these deals to 0.
Kay, can you handle this stuff for me.			Kay, can you handle this stuff for me.
PLEASE REVIEW THE NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER BELOW	3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D As requested, your News Alert for QCOM follows from EquityAlert.com.. To edit/discontinue your alerts please refer to end of message.	To edit/discontinue your alerts please refer to end of message.	PLEASE REVIEW THE NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER BELOW 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D
Take a look at the attached presentation.	He cranks out some pretty well thought out stuff.. DF. Again, we may want to take advantage of the recent bump in gas prices due to the cold snap, to minimize our fixed gas payment and heat rate with ECS.. At the very least someone should have the mandate to keep their eye on prices and determine when to lock-in.	At the very least someone should have the mandate to keep their eye on prices and determine when to lock-in.	Take a look at the attached presentation.
Please, stop by and say Hello.	Hi Van,. Thanks for your message.	Thanks for your message.	Please, stop by and say Hello.
I need you to make a copy of the check and send me that and a receipt.	Did you get the RRSP contribution I sent?	Did you get the RRSP contribution I sent?	I need you to make a copy of the check and send me that and a receipt.
Bill, please coordinate TW s response to the questions set forth in the Order.			Bill, please coordinate TW s response to the questions set forth in the Order.
Please put the Transco Sims deal  289172 on the morning sheet.			Please put the Transco Sims deal 289172 on the morning sheet.
Please give me a call as I am sure you will have questions on this.	Dave, as I described in my voice mail I am sending you by Federal Express, a proposal by the ENA Denver employees who NBP hopes to recruit covering their compensation after they come over to manage the Wyoming assets being acquired in Project 20/20 from ENA.. Specifically, I believe our mutual objective is to see that the ENA employees who are about to become GPG employees are compensated in a similar manner and at the same levels as they were when they were employees of ENA.. Could you use your HR contacts at ENA to confirm that this proposal see page 4 of the FEDEX package is how they were compensated at ENA ?. Any other advice you can give us on this question will be appreciated.. We are being asked to negotiate these terms up front as an inducement to get the ENA folks to jump on the GPG bandwagon.. This negotiation will be going strong next week, so your help will be needed soon.	This negotiation will be going strong next week, so your help will be needed soon.	Please give me a call as I am sure you will have questions on this.
Donna, please move the following people:			Donna, please move the following people:
For 2001 Current Estimate Update please provide the following information ASAP but no later than August 22	In order to provide you with timely projections for the 2002 Plan and the Current Estimate update it would be most helpful if you would provide us with the following information keeping the C.E.. projections in line Carryover Projects with the Plan.	projections in line Carryover Projects with the Plan.	For 2001 Current Estimate Update please provide the following information ASAP but no later than August 22 for us to provide the updated C.E.
Please email or call me at 202-824-7121	Dear Invitees: We are happy to tell you that Frank Blake, Deputy Secretary, DOE, will be our guest speaker for the Thursday, July 12 luncheon, at the University Club.. More detailed information is attached.. You do not need to be a member of the Roundtable to attend.	You do not need to be a member of the Roundtable to attend.	Please email or call me at PHONE by noon, Tuesday, July 10, to make your reservation.
please check and let me know	Bloomberg was mistaken on this one.. They ll be sending out a new confirm soon.. Thanks, Kate. Kate, trade of Tom Alonso we have term in system as 12/21/00-12/31/00 mon-sat Bloomberg shows 12/26/00-12/30-00 mon-sat	Kate, trade of Tom Alonso we have term in system as 12/21/00-12/31/00 mon-sat Bloomberg shows 12/26/00-12/30-00 mon-sat	please check and let me know Stephanie
Please submit your	Is this a timeline for all of ENA, or just for the accounting group?. Please note that earnings and headcount templates are due to Consolidations on Monday, October 2nd.. Attached is the latest timeline.	Attached is the latest timeline.	Please submit your templates to Trey Hardy by then.
When you have a time in mind for a call to discuss the above list please	Rod:. As per our phone conversation, the list of information we would like to have follows:. 1.. FERC Form 2s for the last three years 2.. Revenue breakdown: Assumptions made for the contracted period, as well as the time period beyond current contracts - firm/interruptible mix and volumes, tariffs for each type of transportation contract A build up from contracts to the revenues in the model would be ideal 3.. As before, compressor gas volumes and assumed sales prices for the projected years 4.. As before, the story as it relates to CERA s view of the world 5.. Explicit calculation of rate base going forward 6.. Employee benefit plan information - funding status, return rates, future liabilities. Thanks Rod.	Thanks Rod.	When you have a time in mind for a call to discuss the above list please contact:
of you  stranded throughout the U.S....Please check with the Enron websites			I know that , as a result of yesterday s national tragedy, there are many of you stranded throughout the U.S....Please check with the Enron websites and Travel Agency in the Park open 24 hours for information on how best to get home- Please feel free to utilize all reasonable and safe ways to r eturn home...you will be reimbursed for such efforts.
Please fax me such a certification today if at all possible.	John, I still have not received written confirmation that the gas being supplied to the Trust is 100 West Virginia Production.. You have assured me verbally that such is the case.. However, I am sure that you understand that it is not the least bit unreasonable to have such a certification in writing.. I need such a written certification ASAP since Mountaineer/Allegheny needs proof in order to provide the WV transportation rate.	I need such a written certification ASAP since Mountaineer/Allegheny needs proof in order to provide the WV transportation rate.	Please fax me such a certification today if at all possible.
Provider Agreement - notices - Please add the following:  Notice of any	Dan,. As a follow up to my voice mail, we have the following comments to the above-referenced Agreements:	As a follow up to my voice mail, we have the following comments to the above-referenced Agreements:	Provider Agreement - notices - Please add the following: Notice of any default shall also be sent to Enron Corp., 1400 Smith Street, Houston, Texas 77002, Attn: Executive Vice president and General Counsel.
Please release Boston gas capacity to  Energy Express  and let me	Jeff- I am releasing the Boston Capacity on Algonquin to Energy Express as we speak.. However, they are not a viable entity on CNG.. Can you provide the following information on Energy Express?. Name Phone Fax Legal Entity by Pipe. Thanks, Scott. It s possible BUG, ConEd and Lilco may release capacity to you for June.. If so let me know.	If so let me know.	Please release Boston gas capacity to Energy Express and let me know the contracts/packages.
Can you please prepare 2 executable employment agreements for Stewart Seeligson.	Michelle,	Michelle,	Can you please prepare 2 executable employment agreements for Stewart Seeligson.
Please fill-out the evaluation sheets on Elena Chilkina.			Please fill-out the evaluation sheets on Elena Chilkina.
please flip these deals before the end of the week.	FYI, make these changes.. PL. Hi guys,. Because of the EOL group putting in language to automatically flip deals to the P book as soon as they are booked, the number of deals to be flipped at the end of the month has decreased quite a lot, but there are always some stragglers that are left behind.. Here is what I ve come across.	Here is what I ve come across.	Could you please flip these deals before the end of the week.
Please send the information again to my attention and I will make sure that it does not get misplaced.	Audrey,. To finish up our tax return compliance we have to file returns for the Ohio cities.. I have gone through the information that you sent Dara Flinn for Limbach Company and found copies of the withholding reconciliations for some of the Ohio cities.. This was very helpful and greatly appreciated, but some of the withholding reconciliations don t include gross payroll for the year which is information that we have to have to file the city returns.. I have attached a list of cities that we have received the withholding reconciliations with the gross payroll per the reconciliation and the tax withheld.. As you can see by the attached spreadsheet some of the cities don t have gross payroll listed since it was not on the withholding reconciliation Also included on the spreadsheet is a list of cities that had payroll in 1999, but we have not received a copy of the withholding reconciliation for those particular cities.. I need to confirm that they do not have any 2000 payroll.. Melanie Gaar has contacted you about getting the payroll information for Enron Building Services Inc. We have gone through all the information that we have received and unfortunately are unable to locate the information that you sent.	Melanie Gaar has contacted you about getting the payroll information for Enron Building Services Inc. We have gone through all the information that we have received and unfortunately are unable to locate the information that you sent.	Please send the information again to my attention and I will make sure that it does not get misplaced.
Please ensure that this email is distributed to anyone	as discussed. Forwarded by Steven J Kean/HOU/EES on 08/02/2000 05:19 PM. Please find attached the current copy of the EnronOnline Daily Public Report and Key Messages, including slides and statistics for public consumption.. The information contained in the attachments can be communicated to audiences outside the company and should be used to ensure that we present a consistent message to the public.	The information contained in the attachments can be communicated to audiences outside the company and should be used to ensure that we present a consistent message to the public.	Please ensure that this email is distributed to anyone in your group who needs to discuss EnronOnline with individuals outside the company.
Please mark these dates on my calendar.	Shirley,	Shirley,	Please mark these dates on my calendar.
Amita: Could you please have someone provide a transaction User ID in Test to			Amita: Could you please have someone provide a transaction User ID in Test to Justin and Edmund ASAP?
Could one of you please call Amy Baird to talk to resolve Items  3 and  4 in			Could one of you please call Amy Baird to talk to resolve Items 3 and 4 in her memo.
Please have Mike Bridges review prior to emailing to:	Who is Mike Bridges?. Tana please draft a Broker Client Letter of Interest for Prebon Energy. Terms include. Products and Fee. North American Gas and Power 250,000 UK and Worldwide Gas and Power 200,000. Term One Year	Term One Year	Please have Mike Bridges review prior to emailing to:
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Anne Wang 25 Bedford Ave B102 Norwalk, CT 06850 annemwang excite.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
You may go directly to the registration form at at http://www.kaseco.com/classes/register.htm.	In today s volatile energy markets, those who are able to make objective buy and sell decisions can make significant profits and greatly improve cash flow.. Due to popular demand for our Learn Technical Analysis Class, we have scheduled additional Houston dates at the Marriott West Loop.. The next class is July 17 - 18.. For more information, call Jennifer Smith at PHONE , Email me at jennifersmith kaseco.com or visit our website at http://www.kaseco.com/classes/class.htm.	For more information, call Jennifer Smith at PHONE , Email me at jennifersmith kaseco.com or visit our website at http://www.kaseco.com/classes/class.htm.	You may go directly to the registration form at at http://www.kaseco.com/classes/register.htm.
Please send info again.			Please send info again.
Please release this to production and let Fran Chang, Heather Dunton,	I ve tested the schedule version of forward obs.. It seems to be working well.. The wish list might include a summary page to show the desks net 0.. And it could use a default that pulls all the west desks when the West portfolio is clicked, while retaining the flexibility of overriding the west default to choose individual desks - HOWEVER - it does work fine the way it is.	And it could use a default that pulls all the west desks when the West portfolio is clicked, while retaining the flexibility of overriding the west default to choose individual desks - HOWEVER - it does work fine the way it is.	Please release this to production and let Fran Chang, Heather Dunton, Samantha Law and Diana Scholtes know when it is released.
Would you please take a  look to see if anything is of interest??	Jeff has been added for all future summaries.. ?. Dan. Mona L Petrochko mpetroch enron.com 10/02/00 10:06AM. Jeff:?	Jeff:?	Would you please take a look to see if anything is of interest??
Mike , sue and  Jeff, Can you please track this down ASAP  and get an	We are especially interested in finding out how consumer and consumer transaction are defined--are they limited to residential-type transactions or do they cover the commercial transactions EES does.. Thanks.. Call - Sent on Behalf of Jeff Dodd. Vicki,. We ll find out more and get back to you.. Sue Mara Enron Corp. Tel: PHONE Fax: PHONE . Call - Sent on Behalf of Jeff Dodd	Call - Sent on Behalf of Jeff Dodd	Mike , sue and Jeff, Can you please track this down ASAP and get an assessment of this.
Please remove her from all	Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.	Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.	Please remove her from all your mail lists.
Please call her on Monday and let her know that ENA wishes to terminate contract 37393 effective 5/31/2002.	Our contact for this is Janice Felton.. Her number is PHONE .	Her number is PHONE .	Please call her on Monday and let her know that ENA wishes to terminate contract 37393 effective 5/31/2002.
Over 200  energy executives have already signed up for the event...just take a look at a few of the  companies will be doing deals in Amsterdam in a few weeks....can you afford not to be among  them?	Thereare less than 2 weeks until the three most important conferences for the European energy industry kick off.. Energy Exchanges Online, Emissions Trading and Weather Trading 2002 kick off in Amsterdam 19-21st of February.	Energy Exchanges Online, Emissions Trading and Weather Trading 2002 kick off in Amsterdam 19-21st of February.	Over 200 energy executives have already signed up for the event...just take a look at a few of the companies will be doing deals in Amsterdam in a few weeks....can you afford not to be among them?
Please ask Ken to sign the following.			Please ask Ken to sign the following.
Frank, please ask this CP to contact me directly if necessary.	NRG Energy, Inc. is not authorized to trade US power as per our previous correspondence.	NRG Energy, Inc. is not authorized to trade US power as per our previous correspondence.	Frank, please ask this CP to contact me directly if necessary.
So please take a few minutes out to report your placement information on	DELETE IF NOT GRADUATING THIS SEMESTER.. John Morel has asked all of you to take a few minutes to report placement information through BEARTracks.. I know that you re very busy, but this is really, really important information for us.. There are a number of reasons why this information is critical:. 1 We are very often asked for this data by prospective students who want to know if the MBA Program is worth it.. This data we are able to present to them is critical to our marketing efforts.. 2 We often have to report this information to survey administrators e.g., Bus Week, etc.. , who then plug it into their methodologies.. If we don t have the information, or if we have skewed information because too few people have reported the data, it places us at risk in the rankings.	If we don t have the information, or if we have skewed information because too few people have reported the data, it places us at risk in the rankings.	So please take a few minutes out to report your placement information on BearTracks.
Please respond to Jim at the address below.	This is a message from Jim Gramke, our very own Enron 1 fundraiser for the MS150 tour.. Any of you interested in participating with him, might just pick up some fundraising tips, or maybe some of his success will rub off - worth a try!	Any of you interested in participating with him, might just pick up some fundraising tips, or maybe some of his success will rub off - worth a try!	Please respond to Jim at the address below.
Please update with other info.			Please update with other info.
Please list all Notes databases applications that you currently use:	Current Notes User:. To ensure that you experience a successful migration from Notes to Outlook, it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date of migration.. Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the following survey.. When you finish, simply click on the Reply button then hit Send Your survey will automatically be sent to the Outlook 2000 Migration Mailbox.. Thank you.. Outlook 2000 Migration Team. Full Name:. Login ID:. Extension:. Office Location:. What type of computer do you have?. Desktop, Laptop, Both. Do you have a PDA?. If yes, what type do you have: None, IPAQ, Palm Pilot, Jornada. Do you have permission to access anyone s Email/Calendar?. If yes, who?. Does anyone have permission to access your Email/Calendar?. If yes, who?. Are you responsible for updating anyone else s address book?. If yes, who?. Is anyone else responsible for updating your address book?. If yes, who?. Do you have access to a shared calendar?. If yes, which shared calendar?. Do you have any Distribution Groups that Messaging maintains for you for mass mailings ?. If yes, please list here:	If yes, please list here:	Please list all Notes databases applications that you currently use:
Please review ASAP and let me know what you think.	Hi Debra,. Nicor Gas Company wants to amend our base contract their form of agreement to add some netting language .	Nicor Gas Company wants to amend our base contract their form of agreement to add some netting language .	Please review ASAP and let me know what you think.
Can you please put this information together.	Have him send it directly with a cover letter to me.. Stuart Alderoty and Lou Smith will be the lead attorneys for LLGM on this case.. I told them that you would be point person for ECP and they have requested the following information:. 1.. Copy of all correspondence with Infinium 2.. ECP organization chart and contact list including Enron contacts for this case.. 3.. List of potential factual witnesses.	List of potential factual witnesses.	Can you please put this information together.
Please give me a call with any questions.	Kim, Kelli and Jeff -. I have taken a look at the Northern California Power Agency deal, and it looks pretty good from a credit standpoint.. We currently have some exposure to NCPA on the power side, but it rolls off by the end of the year, so I think that we can still get this deal done.. Some outstanding issues:. 1.. We MUST have a Master Firm in place with NCPA to transact on this deal.. I can begin working on this, but I need to get NCPA s latest financial results to determine an appropriate collateral threshold for NCPA.. This shouldn t be a huge hurdle.. 2.. We need to ask Jeff Hodge for his opinion with respect to NCPA transacting a deal of this tenor.. There are sometimes tenor limits placed on municipal entities to limit the term under which they are authorized to transact.. Jeff: How do we research this issue?. NCPA has provided us a brief statement that indicates that NCPA will work expeditiously to execute a definitive contract and has all the necessary approval authorities , but my feeling is that we need something a little more substantial than that.. 3.. Kelli: Have you spoken with Global Finance to price the embedded loan in this deal?. 4.. Kim: I don t think a credit reserve will be needed on this deal.. 5.. Kim: From the document that NCPA sent out, it appears that your Monday bid is preliminary and conditional.. We need to make sure that NCPA understands our requirements with respect to executing a Master.. Can your contact at NCPA help me get a copy of their latest financials so we can expedite that process?. 6.. Kim: ONE VERY IMPORTANT NOTE: NCPA s credit ratings have remained solid throughout the California power crisis, for a number of reasons.. As such, I am pretty comfortable moving forward with this deal, given the above requirements.. However, if their financial results indicate some problems, we may need to include some stringent credit requirements in the Master.. I m pretty sure that their results will look good, but this is a contingency to bear in mind as your prepare your bid.	I m pretty sure that their results will look good, but this is a contingency to bear in mind as your prepare your bid.	Please give me a call with any questions.
Please respond no later than 10:00 a.m. Wednesday, April 4.	The product long description below will fall under the new product type CAN Gas Straddle Option.. Credit Tom Moran has approved copying the profiles for the new product type from the following:. US Financial Option Call	US Financial Option Call	Please respond no later than 10:00 a.m. Wednesday, April 4.
Please call him to discuss.	Frank Ermis claims that this deal was priced at Index.. He was the Trader on this deal.	He was the Trader on this deal.	Please call him to discuss.
Could you take a look and let us know if you have additional comments	Rick and Linda,. Scott and I met yesterday with Rich DiMichele of EBS.. Rich is a Managing Director who recently has assumed responsibility for content delivery services, including the Blockbuster deal.. Rich is very intent on getting access to the cable platform as quickly as possible.. Initially this would be primarily for delivering Blockbuster to more homes.. Within the year, he hopes to be able to offer services in addition to Blockbuster .. Scott and I prepared the attached cable open access proposal, which we gave to Rich yesterday.. We had hoped to circulate this to you before giving it to Rich, but the timing didn t work out as initially planned.. Sorry about that .	Sorry about that .	Could you take a look and let us know if you have additional comments on the approach we have suggested?
Please edit review revise as needed the attached.	Sally	Sally	Please edit review revise as needed the attached.
Please Bookout these	I just changed the volume from 11000 to 11316 per day for the whole month.. Forwarded by Chris Germany/HOU/ECT on 12/07/2000 02:48 PM. ENA purchased 11.000 dth from New Power at IF flat deal 509454 .. I created a sale deal 522203 sale to New Power at IF .0125 .	I created a sale deal 522203 sale to New Power at IF .0125 .	Please Bookout these deals.
copy, use or disclose this communication to others; also please notify the	This message and any attachments are intended for the individual or entity named above.	This message and any attachments are intended for the individual or entity named above.	If you are not the intended recipient, please do not read, copy, use or disclose this communication to others; also please notify the sender by replying to this message, and then delete it from your system.
I will pay you Monday,  but please remind me if I forget.			I will pay you Monday, but please remind me if I forget.
Please open the attached file to read the complete text of the following			Please open the attached file to read the complete text of the following items:
DEBORAH:   Please fax me Mr. Pandit s bio.	Here is a copy of the original email sent to you:. I am contacting you on the recommendation of Pug Winokur, who is on our Board of Directors.. Enron has formed an Advisory Council which consists of academicians, public policy thinkers and media, together with Enron executives.. I would like to invite you to address the group on E-Commerce issues at our next meeting Friday, September 8th in Houston .. Attached is a list of our Advisory Council members.. I think you will find this group interesting and thought provoking.. Please contact me at your earliest convenience at PHONE .	Please contact me at your earliest convenience at PHONE .	DEBORAH: Please fax me Mr. Pandit s bio.
Please edit/add to or	John,. It does not sound silly to me.. I don t get that many opportunities to sit down with those guys in a relaxed atmosphere and chat.. I shall read the notes and get back to you.. I have just come back from Philadelphia and have to catch up with a few things.. Vince. Vince,. i know that you are in Philadelphia today but wanted to ship you my first pass notes before I leave town in the morning.	i know that you are in Philadelphia today but wanted to ship you my first pass notes before I leave town in the morning.	Please edit/add to or delete anything you think is appropriate.
Please RSVP To Suzanne Adams   713-853-7340	Sara, here s a draft of the invitation to Marie s party.. Look ok to you?. You are Cordially Invited To Attend A Party Celebrating The Privilege You Had Of Working With Marie Heard At ENA. Location: 3915 Coleridge West University Houston, Texas PHONE Driving Instructions Will Be Available	Location: 3915 Coleridge West University Houston, Texas PHONE Driving Instructions Will Be Available	Please RSVP To Suzanne Adams PHONE By June 4, 2000
3   Bridgeline indicated that Dow is of the opinion that approximately  167k is owed by Enron for dewatering brine removal fees  0.20 per ton of salt removed  - I need your help to determine whether this is accurate;	I think we need to crystallize, in very short order, what the approval process will be for the sale of the Pad Gas in Storage Caverns 13/ 14 to Bridgeline.. I will send you via fax the proposed deal sheet.. Several interesting points from the meeting:. 1 Bridgeline is of the view that 3/12/2002 we thought it was 4/402 is the last day on which they are obligated to reimburse Enron for the Dow Lease - Any thoughts?. Who is right?. ;. 2 Their plan assuming our deal goes through is to amend and assume the existing lease - and get Dow to expressly release LRCI from any and all claims/liabilities/etc.. following Bridgeline s assumption of the amended lease;	following Bridgeline s assumption of the amended lease;	3 Bridgeline indicated that Dow is of the opinion that approximately 167k is owed by Enron for dewatering brine removal fees 0.20 per ton of salt removed - I need your help to determine whether this is accurate;
Since seating is limited, please RSVP  leave a message for Diana Gutierrez	20 The annual deferral program enrollment process is underway.. Enron s Bonus 20 Stock Option and Bonus Phantom Stock Programs provide you with an opportuni ty 20 to receive stock options and phantom stock in lieu of all or a portion of t he 20 cash bonus you may receive during 2001.. 20. To make enrollment even more convenient for you, this year s deferral progr am 20 information is available on eHRonline.. To learn more about your deferral 20 program opportunities and to enroll for 2001 deferrals, access eHRonline at 20 http://ehronline.enron.com.. Call the ISC Help Desk at PHONE if you 20 need your ID or password to access the system.. 1. Review the program descriptions attached to the Election Form before y ou 20 make your elections.. 2.. If you decide to defer compensation, complete the Election Form before 20 Friday, December 8, 2000, 5:00 p.m. CST the enrollment deadline .. 3.. Print your 2001 Election Form and Confirmation Statement right from the 20 web site and you 01,re finished!. 20. If you would like to attend an employee meeting to learn more about these 20 programs, following is a list of meeting dates, times, and locations:. Wednesday, November 29 2:00 p.m. - 3:00 p.m. EB 5C2 Monday, December 4 9:00 a.m. - 10:00 a.m.. The Forum 2 Allen Center, 12t h 20 Fl.. Tuesday, December 5 2:00 p.m. - 3:00 p.m. EB 5C2 Wednesday, December 6 2:00 p.m. - 3:00 p.m. EB 5C2	Tuesday, December 5 2:00 p.m. - 3:00 p.m. EB 5C2 Wednesday, December 6 2:00 p.m. - 3:00 p.m. EB 5C2	Since seating is limited, please RSVP leave a message for Diana Gutierrez PHONE confirming your name, phone number, and the meeting you wish 20 to attend .
Can each of you please review these concerns.	Clement, Dan,. Below is an e-mail from my counterpart at Coastal with comments to the revised Enron Corp draft that Clement provided to me in his e-mail on Dec.. 21st.	Below is an e-mail from my counterpart at Coastal with comments to the revised Enron Corp draft that Clement provided to me in his e-mail on Dec.. 21st.	Can each of you please review these concerns.
Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and	STEVE KEAN. Conf call: AT T lines have been reserved.. Please contact Sherri Sera 713/ PHONE or Katherine Brown 713/ PHONE for the weekly dial-in number and passcode.	Please contact Sherri Sera 713/ PHONE or Katherine Brown 713/ PHONE for the weekly dial-in number and passcode.	Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and through what medium.
Please send me a return email with 3 specific items that I could do	Eric, I was examining EGM s businesses for 2001 and I wanted to ask you a question about your specific business.. As you examine your goals and objectives, I would like to know what you think I could do to help you accomplish your plan.	As you examine your goals and objectives, I would like to know what you think I could do to help you accomplish your plan.	Please send me a return email with 3 specific items that I could do personally to add to your business.
Please call me at 713-345-8274.	Many times when people from outside the company try to send me e-mails they get an undeliverable message response.. It s as if my e-mail address is not valid, but I know that it is b/c I get some messages.. Can someone help me w/ this.	Can someone help me w/ this.	Please call me at PHONE .
Go ahead and turn the next draft with Pinnacle West, too.	Kevin,	Kevin,	Ok. Go ahead and turn the next draft with Pinnacle West, too.
session, please email your question to Amy Oberg at Enron Energy Services.	As you may have noticed, there was a network error during today s eSpeak with Dr. Ben Gilad.. Although the questions and answers were not visible during the second half of the eSpeak session, Dr. Gilad did answer all the questions he received.. As always, the transcript of the discussion will be available in the eSpeak archives.	As always, the transcript of the discussion will be available in the eSpeak archives.	If the technical issue prevented you from asking a question during today s session, please email your question to Amy Oberg at Enron Energy Services.
1.  David - please look at the new deal I created for this exchange  deal			-bcc: X-Folder: Chris Germany Dec2000 Notes Folders sent mail X-Origin: Germany-C X-FileName: cgerman.nsf
Please call Keith	I talked with Keith Harris, our CFO at Wessex, about the RAB multiple graph I gave you.. He expressed that the Wessex people had originated the data and that the graph was correct, to the best of their knowledge.. The only but very important correction is that they started the graph at an index of 100 , which does not imply a 100 of RAB multiple.. Rather, the initial RAB multiple was around 80 , implying that the entire line should be taken down by 20 percentile points.. Thus the all time hime in late 98 should be closer to the 1.3x RAB that I had targeted during our discussion.	Thus the all time hime in late 98 should be closer to the 1.3x RAB that I had targeted during our discussion.	Please call Keith if he has not yet contact you.
check, please make sure to write  Houston Flood Relief.	On Saturday, June 9, Tropical Storm Allison left Houston in chaos dumping 20 more than 20 inches of rain and flooding the city in a matter of hours.. As of 20 Sunday night, 17 people had died in the storm and many others are still 20 missing.. One of those who perished in the fatal flood was one of our 20 employees, a summer intern in ETS and student at Texas A M University, Ch ad 20 Garren.. Our condolences go out to his family and co-workers.. At this time, 20 Enron Community Relations and Aggies Enron mailto:Aggies Enron are planni ng 20 to establish a scholarship fund in his memory.. More information on the fun d 20 will be forthcoming.. Enron has made a corporate contribution of 500,000 to the American Red Cro ss 20 to aid in the victim relief effort.. Enron employees are encouraged to donat e 20 to relief efforts and to take advantage of our Matching Gift Program to 20 double the impact of your individual donation.. Enron will match your 20 contribution dollar for dollar and your donation will not be counted agains t 20 your 15,000 annual limit.. Although Enron is supporting the American Red Cross, please feel free to ma ke 20 your donation to the non-profit organization of your choice that is offerin g 20 aid to flood victims they must provide proof of their 501c 3 status .. Plea se 20 send your check to EB1635a before Friday, June 15, and we will send it, alo ng 20 with a matching check to the appropriate agency.	Plea se 20 send your check to EB1635a before Friday, June 15, and we will send it, alo ng 20 with a matching check to the appropriate agency.	On the memo line of your 20 check, please make sure to write Houston Flood Relief.
Please print two docs for execution, sign and	I am in receipt of your fax.	I am in receipt of your fax.	Please print two docs for execution, sign and forward both to my attention as addressed below.
Please review carefully and make changes and return.	Jeff, here is Gary s review.. It is still on the wrong template and I ll correct today.	It is still on the wrong template and I ll correct today.	Please review carefully and make changes and return.
Please move the following book to book trades with Canada from NG-Price to Bankruptcy:			Please move the following book to book trades with Canada from NG-Price to Bankruptcy: FT-Cand-Termin Ft-Cand-Gone-PR
Please review and advise of	Moving forward, inch by inch.. ckm. With my limited knowledge of escrow agreements - this look fine to me. Jake. fyi. Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 04/24/2001 10:14 AM. RED.Escrow Agreement Enron Salmon LLC.DOC. Ladies and Gentlemen:. Enclosed is a revised draft of the Escrow Agreement marked to reflect changes from the draft previously circulated.	Enclosed is a revised draft of the Escrow Agreement marked to reflect changes from the draft previously circulated.	Please review and advise of any comments.
that mentioned the Enron deal--could you send it to me?			I heard there was an article in the WSJ a few days ago on Blockbuster and that mentioned the Enron deal--could you send it to me?
Please review and provide comments asap.	It looks good.. By the way, we have had dealings with Carter Mathes before.. Any comments you may have would be appreciated.. I need to get this out by tommorrow.. Thanks.. Attached is a letter to Wildhorse concerning curtailment of the Dakota Production.	Attached is a letter to Wildhorse concerning curtailment of the Dakota Production.	Please review and provide comments asap.
Please activate all draft products in finswaps, and nontx phys and phys index			Please activate all draft products in finswaps, and nontx phys and phys index all terms including restricted SJ.
Please direct comments to Greg at  312  861-2115.	Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 06/05/2000 03:47 PM. Attached for simultaneous review by West LB and Enron is a draft Assignment of Option Agreement and a Notice of Exercise of Option prepared by Peoples Energy s outside counsel, Greg Spitzer at Kirkland Ellis.	Attached for simultaneous review by West LB and Enron is a draft Assignment of Option Agreement and a Notice of Exercise of Option prepared by Peoples Energy s outside counsel, Greg Spitzer at Kirkland Ellis.	Please direct comments to Greg at PHONE .
Can you mail it Next	GT,. Yea, he realized that as soon as we got to San Marcos.	Yea, he realized that as soon as we got to San Marcos.	Can you mail it Next Day Air also called Priority Mail?
check out this site.			check out this site.
Please start working on a top ten legal risks list.			Please start working on a top ten legal risks list.
Please add her to any ClickPaper distribution	Yes Tana, Carol North works in the Credit Group.. She will be working with Aparna Rajaram and Ken Curry.	She will be working with Aparna Rajaram and Ken Curry.	Please add her to any ClickPaper distribution lists that you currently send out; thanks.
Please call me when you get a chance.	Jay,	Jay,	Please call me when you get a chance.
Check out the latest version of Enron Business Online at home.enron.com.			Check out the latest version of Enron Business Online at home.enron.com.
Please list this as a meeting material for the 9/19 Pricing Issues Task			Please list this as a meeting material for the 9/19 Pricing Issues Task Force meeting.
Until further notice, please retain all of your hard-copy files now in your possession or that come into your possession that in any way relate to:	On Wednesday, October 31, I sent an email to all Enron employees worldwide in order to ensure that Enron employees retained documents that might be relevant to ongoing litigation.. New lawsuits have been filed that enlarge the scope of the information that Enron will need to retain.. The following list includes both the topics in the earlier email and the topics related to the new lawsuits.. Effective immediately, please do the following:. 1.. If you have any voice mails that relate in any way to the LJM Deal or Chewco Investments L.P. including any accounting issues related to these transactions, please forward the voice mails to x3-6800.. 2.. If you have any voice mails that relate in any way to the proposed Dynegy merger or the Enron Corp. Savings Plan, including any accounting issues related to these transactions, please forward the voice mails to x3-6802.. 3.. If you have any voice mails that relate in any way to Enron s public statements regarding EBS, Azurix, New Power Co., or any voice mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters, including accounting issues related to these matters, please forward the voice mails to x3-6801.. 4.. If you have any voice mails that relate in any way to Enron s public statements regarding the proposed merger with Dynegy or the Enron Corp. Savings Plan or any voice mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters, including accounting issues related to these matters, please forward the voice mails to x3-6802.. 5.. If you have any e-mails that relate in any way to the LJM Deal, Chewco Investments L.P., including any accounting issues related to these transactions, please forward the e-mails to LJM.litigation enron.com.. 6.. If you have any e-mails that relate in any way to the proposed Dynegy merger, including any accounting issues related to these transactions, please forward the e-mails to dynegy.merger enron.com.. 7.. If you have any e-mails that relate in any way to the Enron Corp. Savings Plan, including any accounting issues related to these transactions, please forward the e-mails to enron.savingsplan enron.com.. 8.. If you have any e-mails that relate in any way to Enron s public statements regarding EBS, Azurix, New Power Co. or any e-mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters, including accounting issues related to these matters, please forward the e-mails to classaction.litigation enron.com.. 9.. If you have any e-mails that relate in any way to Enron s public statements regarding the proposed Dynegy merger or any e-mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters, including accounting issues related to these matters, please forward the e-mails to dynegy.merger enron.com.. 10.. If you have any e-mails that relate in any way to Enron s public statements regarding the Enron Corp. Savings Plan or any e-mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters, including accounting issues related to these matters, please forward the e-mails to enron.savingsplan enron.com.. LJM Deal includes LJM Cayman L.P., LJM Co-Investment L.P., TNPC1, Margaux1, Cortez TNPC , Osprey1, Avici, Catalytica, Fishtail Pulp Paper , Backbone, ENA CLO Merlin , Nowa Sarzyna Poland , Bob West, MEGS, Yosemite, EECC Turbines Blue Dog , Raptor 1, Raptor 1a, Raptor 2, Raptor 2a, Raptor 3, Raptor 4, Rawhide, LJM2/WW Loan Agrmt, Osprey 2 LLC1, Rythms, Osprey, Cuiaba, and LJM Cayco Investments.. Also, please forward all future e-mails and voice mails that relate to the above-referenced subjects to the appropriate e-mail address or voice mail box.. These procedures will ensure that our electronic documents and voice mails are properly preserved.. Shortly, our lawyers will be collecting our traditional files, i.e., written documents, for possible production in litigation.	Shortly, our lawyers will be collecting our traditional files, i.e., written documents, for possible production in litigation.	Until further notice, please retain all of your hard-copy files now in your possession or that come into your possession that in any way relate to:
Can you please review these slight revisions and pass this back to me.			Can you please review these slight revisions and pass this back to me.
Please print the second agreement  the letter agreement  and fax to me.			Please print the second agreement the letter agreement and fax to me.
Please reply to the  address given	Dear Vince,. I would like to confirm the invitation for you to participate at our annual congress in Houston.. Following our conversation, I would be most interested in including a presentation on Modeling price volatility in US power markets in the pricing, hedging trading stream on the 14th May, 2001.. I am keen to confirm each speaker and session by the end of next week, which will then allow time to work with each presenter on titles and points that will provide an accurate summary for the session.. If you have any overall views or suggestions regarding the conference feel free to email me at pbristow riskwaters.com or call me on PHONE , extn.. 225.. I look forward to confirming your participation at Energy Power Risk Management 2001.. IMPORTANT: Due to system problems I am using another system.. Please do not reply to this email.	Please do not reply to this email.	Please reply to the address given above.
about the deal file you send them each day.	I can certainly send you this file each day - I hope it can be of some help.. All the deals it lists are with EPMI Short Term California, which is myself or Jeff Richter; so I m not sure how helpful it will be in determining which desk or counterparty you have discrepancies with.	All the deals it lists are with EPMI Short Term California, which is myself or Jeff Richter; so I m not sure how helpful it will be in determining which desk or counterparty you have discrepancies with.	While we re on the subject of sharing files, though, I had spoken with the confirmation group in Houston about the deal file you send them each day.
Please zero out the volumes until further notice.			Please zero out the volumes until further notice.
Please send a reply so that we will know if we are operational before we			Please send a reply so that we will know if we are operational before we start sending the data out in bidweek.
Please put the Kinch Kato e-mail address in my address book.			Please put the Kinch Kato e-mail address in my address book.
assistant who is assigned this task please give me a call so I can tell him	Please prepare a draft ISDA for the following Mexican counterparty.. Our trader in Mexico is anxious to forward the documentation as a deal is apparently imminent.. He is calling on a regular basis.	He is calling on a regular basis.	Would the legal assistant who is assigned this task please give me a call so I can tell him when to expect it?
Could you give me Mike Roberts contact information.			Thanks Vince: Could you give me Mike Roberts contact information.
Please open the attached file to read the complete text of the following			Please open the attached file to read the complete text of the following items:
process, please check this document carefully for errors and/or	Thought you d be interested in this.. Attached for your review and comment is a draft notice to TW customers of the EnronOnline auction.	Attached for your review and comment is a draft notice to TW customers of the EnronOnline auction.	Inasmuch as I haven t been part of the development process, please check this document carefully for errors and/or misrepresentations.
Please call me if you have questions, etc.	Chris--Attached are CES s daily volume requirements for 3/13, 3/14, and 3/15.	Chris--Attached are CES s daily volume requirements for 3/13, 3/14, and 3/15.	Please call me if you have questions, etc.
Can you call the realtor and ask about Prop.	I am interested in that house.	I am interested in that house.	Can you call the realtor and ask about Prop.
Can you handle this please?			Can you handle this please?
Please send out at your earliest possible	Debra Dan -. I assume that this Master Physical has NOT gone out yet.. Kim Ward called me yesterday to inquire.	Kim Ward called me yesterday to inquire.	Please send out at your earliest possible convenience!!
this is fine with me--pls remind me.	fyi.	fyi.	this is fine with me--pls remind me.
Can you please provide	Hi, I work in RAC and I was told you might be able to provide closing documents on a deal called Impact .. Our group is working on PortRac, a database that tracks the assets activities, and I need information for first quarter 2001.. The only thing I know at this time is that it used to be Startech Hubble shares Enron owned which were transferred to Arch then to Impact.. According to the dash Enron is going to holding Impacts shares.	According to the dash Enron is going to holding Impacts shares.	Can you please provide closing documents?
Please review this agreement and let me know your comments.	Kay. Attached is a proposal from ComEd to complete an Interconnect Feasibility Study IFS on the Pontiac project site.. I believe that the form of this agreement is consistent with the IFS s which we have engaged ComEd to complete on the Lincoln Energy Center and the Plano Yorkville project.. The cost is 50K and the time period is approximately 45 days after ComEd and ENA agree on the base case conditions for the study.. The purpose of this study is to establish the viability and capability of interconnecting a generation facility at the ComEd Pontiac substation.. This information will provide potential Buyer s of the Pontiac site with comfort that a project can be built and connected to ComEd s transmission system.. The east power desk has engaged ComEd to study the transmission availability from the Pontiac and Plano site.	The east power desk has engaged ComEd to study the transmission availability from the Pontiac and Plano site.	Please review this agreement and let me know your comments.
Please respond to  andy kalotay.com			Andrew Kalotay andy kalotay.com on 09/11/2000 01:27:39 PM Please respond to andy kalotay.com To: Vincent Kaminski vkamins enron.com cc: Subject: More hedge effectiveness testing
Please email me with	Here s two more to add.. I suggest you put our outside counsel last on the list.. There are two firms: Kilpatrick, Stockton and Bracewell Patterson.. I would put Bracewell before Kilpatrick.. Thanks bunches.. Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 08/29/2000 09:49 AM. Kay--here s my info, although you may already have this.. Nancy A. Wodka Bracewell Patterson, L.L.P.. 2000 K Street, N.W.. Suite 500 Washington, D.C. 20006 nwodka bracepatt.com ph--202/ PHONE fax--202/ PHONE cell--202/ PHONE home--703/ PHONE . Please add Gene Ann Herrin:. Bracewell Patterson, L.L.P.. 711 Louisiana Street, Suite 2900 Houston, Texas 77002 ph--713/ PHONE fax--713/ PHONE gaherrin bracepatt.com cell--281/ PHONE home--713/ PHONE . Kay.Mann enron.com 08/29/00 10:01AM I m going to have an updated contact list prepared.	Kay.Mann enron.com 08/29/00 10:01AM I m going to have an updated contact list prepared.	Please email me with your telephone, location, email address, and cell phone number, if desired.
Can you include Bill White, Pavel Z, Rob Fuller, Chris Mahoney, Niamh Clarke,			Can you include Bill White, Pavel Z, Rob Fuller, Chris Mahoney, Niamh Clarke, and the rest of the crude team on this types of reports.
Would you ask the authorities in Enron to refresh my access to Enrononline?	Please could you sort out an guest id for one month.. Forwarded by Louise Kitchen/HOU/ECT on 27/07/2000 13:59. Louise,. Can we grant him guest access to EOL again?. He is he same person who requested it a few weeks ago.. Evidently he was busy working on another project.. Vince. Dear Vince,. I hope your trip to Australia was successful.. It s one of my favorite places to go.. I ve copied you on the email to Mike initiating Enron s trial service to Energycast.. Thanks for helping to set this up.	Thanks for helping to set this up.	Would you ask the authorities in Enron to refresh my access to Enrononline?
PLEASE REVIEW THE NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER BELOW	3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D As requested, your News Alert for YHOO follows from EquityAlert.com.. To edit/discontinue your alerts please refer to end of message.	To edit/discontinue your alerts please refer to end of message.	PLEASE REVIEW THE NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER BELOW 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D
could you let Nicki know you are my asst, and this email should have come to			could you let Nicki know you are my asst, and this email should have come to you, not me.
of a turnaround, please give him a call to let him know a more appropriate	Stephen Klein has requested a draft confirmation for a proposed transaction with Bay State Paper Company.. I have attached the worksheet containing the credit provisions.. This is a bit different from our standard terms, so call me if you have questions.. Stephen is hoping to show this to the customer by the close of business today.	Stephen is hoping to show this to the customer by the close of business today.	If your schedules do not permit for that quick of a turnaround, please give him a call to let him know a more appropriate timeline X5-7233 .
Please provide a copy to your boss and with a good	Larry, Here s my resume.	Larry, Here s my resume.	Please provide a copy to your boss and with a good recommendation!
Please send a signed copy of the MOU to James Morris at the address below.	Beth Perlman, who IS a VP of Enron Corp.. Mark,	Mark,	Please send a signed copy of the MOU to James Morris at the address below.
Can you please coordinate with Jamie White at ITG on this install.	Julie/Laurel,. After the flurry of e-mails below, I received a package from ITG/Posit Europe which I subsequently sent to one of you in Houston.. I am not sure who I sent it to but I am quite sure it got there and was put through the channels because Sara Shackleton has been working with ITG on the contractual issues.. I am now trying to find out if any software was included in that package because I would like to get the install process going pending the finalization of the contract negotiations.. Please confirm as to whether or not either of you are aware of this installation software.. Thanks and regards, John. Forwarded by John Greene/LON/ECT on 26/10/2000 16:46. John, The contracts for the AutEx system have arrived and are being processed.. Do you still require the Instinet and ITG systems I vaguely remember some contracts being sent through do you know the status ?. Thanks Cyrus x35368. Cyrus/Julie,	Cyrus/Julie,	Can you please coordinate with Jamie White at ITG on this install.
Can you guys make a meeting on March 12 at 10am to discuss something with			Can you guys make a meeting on March 12 at 10am to discuss something with above group?
Finally, can you please furnish the Notice of Intent to Purchase, Assignment	Kay:. I do not have originals of these documents and in fact was able to obtain copies of these documents only from Freshfields.. I recall that that Freshfields coordinated directly with GE to obtain these documents.. Do you happen to have the originals?. If not, how do you feel about asking GE for the originals?. Also, per my earlier voice mail, we still need copies of the following documents to complete our closing volume for ENA:. Confidentiality Agreement Notice of Intent to Purchase Specified Option Property Assignment and Assumption Agreement Bill of Sale. If you prefer, we could prepare the closing volume omitting these documents altogether, or alternatively, listing but not including copies of these documents.. Please advise of your preference.	Please advise of your preference.	Finally, can you please furnish the Notice of Intent to Purchase, Assignment and Assumption Agreement and Bill of Sale for the CA Energy Development transactions in order that I can forward these to George Kutzschback per his request.
Please use the following information to prepare the Confirm for Citation.			Please use the following information to prepare the Confirm for Citation.
Could you please call anyone from the credit group that has not yet responded			Suzanne: Could you please call anyone from the credit group that has not yet responded in the next day or so and let me know when you have heard from the group who is coming?
Please copy Jay Williams and me.	Sam: the addressee for the guaranty is : mmidden anz.com his name is Michael Midden. The message is : Attached for your immediate review is the form of Enron Corp. Enron guaranty which would be utilized to guaranty all financial trading obligations pursuant to an ISDA Master Agreement and transactions thereunder which would be entered into between Enron North America Corp. and ANZ Bank.. Jason Williams in Enron s risk control group asked that you receive a copy of Enron s form of guaranty if you had not already received one.. We are in the process of preparing a draft ISDA Master Agreement and will forward it to you next week.. Please let us know if you have any questions.	Please let us know if you have any questions.	Please copy Jay Williams and me.
Please give me a call with any	Carin,. Attached is a draft of a Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement between Constellation Power Source and ENA.	Attached is a draft of a Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement between Constellation Power Source and ENA.	Please give me a call with any questions you may have regarding the enclosed.
Try the cell phone any time after 4:30  Houston time  -	Vegas trip was pretty interesting.. Give me a call tonight if you get a chance.	Give me a call tonight if you get a chance.	Try the cell phone any time after 4:30 Houston time - PHONE .
Please take a look a t his resum, and  tell me how you want to go on this one.	Rick,. Fernando Alonso is the person from the Ministry of Energy that visited with us in Houston and whom we saw in his office in Mexico City.. Fernando as you know has been very supportive of all our initiatives and has been an ally since he took charge of his office.. He has referred Carlos Lara to me.. He asks that if possible we get him a job interview at Enron.. From what I can see, Carlos is a highly qualified professional.. Fernando strictly asked for an interview as a personal favor from me and in no way has been even close to making an improper request.	Fernando strictly asked for an interview as a personal favor from me and in no way has been even close to making an improper request.	Please take a look a t his resum, and tell me how you want to go on this one.
get this done  e.g., graphs, make spreadsheet pretty, write-up, etc. .			-bcc: X-Folder: Jeff Dasovich Dec2000 Notes Folders Sent X-Origin: DASOVICH-J X-FileName: jdasovic.nsf
Could you take me as your guest for the Power 2000 conference if	Zimin,. You are the 1st.. Feel free to register as my guest.. Vince. Vince,	Vince,	Could you take me as your guest for the Power 2000 conference if no one has asked already ?
Tim - Please respond to everyone and verify that this is correct.	Yet another confusion.. I just now 1:30 pm got off the Tim and he said the following..... May Physical Production - Will be sold to KSTARR and Barclay May Financial Swaps - nothing is being transfered/assigned Pam Becton will ensure that STARR settles with KSTARR on both the physical and the financial swaps. June Physical Production - Will be sold to KSTARR and Barclay June Financial Swaps - Will be transferred/assigned to KSTARR and Barclay as appropriate Pam Bection will ensure that STARR settles with KSTARR on the physical only. July Forward - Both Physical Production and the Financial Swaps will be transferred/assigned to KSTARR and Barclay as appropriate.	July Forward - Both Physical Production and the Financial Swaps will be transferred/assigned to KSTARR and Barclay as appropriate.	Tim - Please respond to everyone and verify that this is correct.
Please reply by e-mail.	Still available?. Mark Haedicke has four tickets to the Rockets game tonight.. These will be given away on a first-come, first-served basis.	These will be given away on a first-come, first-served basis.	Please reply by e-mail.
Please change the term on deal 143913 to evergreen.			Please change the term on deal 143913 to evergreen.
assistance, please call me at 713  863 - 7615.	Dear Mr. Lay,. i have just returned home after picking up Victor at Shepherd/Kirby and bringing him to the grocery store.. He shared with me that you had stopped to say hi and gave him 20 from your wallet.. This email is to convey my warmest personal thanks to you for your generosity to those less fortunate.. i have paid for an apartment on Commonwealth for 3 years for him, and check on him every day...he has also volunteered his time and efforts to several of my former work projects - JDF, MS150, etc.. i will be going into redeployment next monday, and hopefully will be fortunate enough to stay on at ENRON.. If it doesn t work out, please know that I am grateful for the 4 years I spent there - the company has treated me very well, and i will always remain loyal and dedicated to you.	If it doesn t work out, please know that I am grateful for the 4 years I spent there - the company has treated me very well, and i will always remain loyal and dedicated to you.	I applaud your integrity and ethics - should you ever need any volunteer assistance, please call me at PHONE .
We have two new Marketing Reps in our department, please add Mark McConnell and Paul Y Barbo to your distribution list.	Elizabeth,	Elizabeth,	We have two new Marketing Reps in our department, please add Mark McConnell and Paul Y Barbo to your distribution list.
Please remove the following users from your site.	Gary good talking to you today.. As discussed the following is a list of staff that need to changed on your OASIS site.. As discussed please Email the user names and passwords for the new accounts directly to the users indicated below.	As discussed please Email the user names and passwords for the new accounts directly to the users indicated below.	Please remove the following users from your site.
Please report to me by COB today  Friday the 13th   any  off-duty			Please report to me by COB today Friday the 13th any off-duty hours you ve taken; i.e., vacation, PTO, etc.
Please review the	The tagg team has made some changes to the bridge.	The tagg team has made some changes to the bridge.	Please review the following deals in tagg stage and let me know if they meet to your approval.
can you change  23 and  375 to Nymex			can you change 23 and 375 to Nymex
To order your printed copy of the report, please email  your name and full address for delivery by Express Post:	Report on Electricity Restructuring, Reliability and Transitional Pricing The updated and expanded third edition of our report Electricity Restructuring, Reliability and Transitional Pricing is now being distributed to electric utilities, public utility commissions, municipalities, investment firms and interest groups.. This comprehensive two-volume, 400-page study provides a thorough overview of restructuring concepts and programs in the USA and Canada, with a discussion and analysis of recent problems.. The following topics are covered: Electricity Supply under Regulation Transition to a Competitive Market Market Power Effects on Costs and Prices Three Levels of Restructuring: Infrastructure, Utilities, Industry Transmission Grid Capacity Constraints Physical and Financial Transmission Rights Reliability Problems, New Standards, Compliance and Enforcement California Energy Crisis: Causes and Solutions The New U.S. Energy Plan Customer Concerns Electricity Restructuring in Canada Marketing Programs for Customer Retention Federal and State-by-State Restructuring Activities Stranded Cost Problems and Solutions Merger Activities Pilot Programs Detailed Method of Transitional Pricing	The following topics are covered: Electricity Supply under Regulation Transition to a Competitive Market Market Power Effects on Costs and Prices Three Levels of Restructuring: Infrastructure, Utilities, Industry Transmission Grid Capacity Constraints Physical and Financial Transmission Rights Reliability Problems, New Standards, Compliance and Enforcement California Energy Crisis: Causes and Solutions The New U.S. Energy Plan Customer Concerns Electricity Restructuring in Canada Marketing Programs for Customer Retention Federal and State-by-State Restructuring Activities Stranded Cost Problems and Solutions Merger Activities Pilot Programs Detailed Method of Transitional Pricing	To order your printed copy of the report, please email your name and full address for delivery by Express Post: Send email to: Mike Sidiropoulos, msid ionsys.com , Tel.
Please review the following order summary for accuracy.	Thank you for your order.. We appreciate your business.. Your order number is: W PHONE ; please make note of it.. If you have further inquiries regarding your order, you will need to reference this order number.. We offer you three easy ways to check the status of your order:. 1.. Point your browser to http://companystore.lucasarts.com and use the pull down menu at the top of the page to select Order Status .. 2.. Call us toll-free at PHONE , Monday-Friday, 7am-6pm Pacific Time holidays excepted .. 3.. Email us at store lucasarts.com.. Email is answered Monday- Friday only; please allow one business day for a response.	Email is answered Monday- Friday only; please allow one business day for a response.	Please review the following order summary for accuracy.
Please delete Shari Stack and add me to your mailing list for these types of			Please delete Shari Stack and add me to your mailing list for these types of notices.
Please delete the last two sentences, this had some	Michael,. I have reviewed the attached agreement and offer the following comments.. 1.. Change the reference to Consenting Party to read as follows: Enron North America Corp. is a Delaware corporation having an office located at 1400 Smith St., Houston, Texas hereinafter referred to as Consenting Party. 2.. Paragraph No.. 5.	5.	Please delete the last two sentences, this had some applicability when the agreement was intended to be a partial assignment, however, once the assignment is completed, Assignee will be responsible for making its own nominations each day.
Will you send me the latest GTC s for bandwidth?	Tana,	Tana,	Will you send me the latest GTC s for bandwidth?
Would you please run the traps	Ketan, I do not know who Mike spoke to at Morgan Stanley.. Do you agree that this is a statement that Morgan, Stanley would make?	Do you agree that this is a statement that Morgan, Stanley would make?	Would you please run the traps at Morgan to confirm but do not provide any info to Trading Edge until confirmed by me after I have received notification from Enron Legal that they are okay with this approach.
Please provide comments as soon as possible.	Attached for your review is the Variable Fee based gathering agreement between ENA and EMS.	Attached for your review is the Variable Fee based gathering agreement between ENA and EMS.	Please provide comments as soon as possible.
So BREAK go ahead and pencil me in for Mon and Tuesday the 13th and 14th.			-Origin: Beck-S X-FileName: sbeck.nsf
could you please review the attached CA from NextSet.	Mark,	Mark,	could you please review the attached CA from NextSet.
Could you work with Joe Wagner on this.	David	David	Could you work with Joe Wagner on this.
Could you please chalk out some	Aziz,. Please, contact me before or after the presentation and we can find a time slot to chat later on Friday.. Vince. Dr. Kaminski:. I am a Ph.D. student here at Carnegie Mellon who has a long-standing interest in the energy industry.. I have recently developed the framework of a simple model for electricity prices that I would like your opinion on.	I have recently developed the framework of a simple model for electricity prices that I would like your opinion on.	Could you please chalk out some time for me during your CMU visit this Friday?
Please resend the electornic form of the	John,. At the request of Sara Shackleton, attached is the draft Schedule.. Cordially, Susan S. Bailey Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, Suite 3806A Houston, Texas 77002 Phone: PHONE Fax: PHONE E:mail: Susan.Bailey enron.com. John: I hope you are able to locate an executed ISDA Master Agreement between RMT and EECC inasmuch as neither our database nor files reflect one.. , I ve asked Susan Bailey to resend the draft Schedule.. In the event that we need to execute this Schedule, you should provide us with appropriate notice information.. We can then prepare execution originals.. Let me know if you need further assistance.. Thanks.. Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas 770 PHONE phone PHONE fax sara.shackleton enron.com. Sara, our CFO remembers executing one of these some time ago, but we cannot locate the document yet.. If we can t get our hands on it by next week, we will go ahead and do a new form.	If we can t get our hands on it by next week, we will go ahead and do a new form.	Please resend the electornic form of the ISDA master agreement.
B-dette -- Please call Mary Hain and find out who to forward this to.			B-dette -- Please call Mary Hain and find out who to forward this to.
To be removed from our mailing  list please email remove webmasterdirect.org with the word remove in the subject  line.	Prepare and E-file your tax returns online for less than 25!. It s safe, secure, super convenient and a great value with no software to purchase and install or trips to a tax preparer s office.. Generate your own accurate, e-filed tax return and obtain fast tax refundswith direct deposit to your bank account.. Access expert customer service, free tax information, top-notch tax guidance and analysis backed by the oldest and most prestigious tax publisher in the US.. If your prefer having a licensed and qualified CPA do your returns for you, take a look at our internet tax organizer which provides a substantial discount from our conventional fees.. You input the basics and download them to us via secure internet portal, we access your data and ask some questions to determine if you qualify for any additional tax deductions or credits and handle the rest including signing and e-filing your returns for you.. Call us or send an email for a fee estimate Our site is also packed with money saving tax ideas plus has links to many other useful tax and money management websites making taxes less painful.. Don t be fooled by unlicensed or unqualified tax preparers, we are a licensed CPA firm with quality staff and many years of expertise.. We maintain a policy of complete confidentiality with respect to your personal data and have been in business since 1964.. Be sure to save this message or add us to your favorites for later reference.. Click Here to Visit our Site.	Click Here to Visit our Site.	If this message does not display properly please visit our website at www.conrowcpa.com To be removed from our mailing list please email remove webmasterdirect.org with the word remove in the subject line.
Please move the following books from J ARNOLD to M MAGGI portfolio:	Susan/Nancy,	Susan/Nancy,	Please move the following books from J ARNOLD to M MAGGI portfolio:
please log  call into GE on Monday am and let them know we need an answer on	Will do.. Kay, I have told Rob that we are not pushing GE for this point.. WestLB is plenty protected without it.. If GE gives a yes to the change on Monday - Great!. If no answer or answer is no - we take what we have.	If no answer or answer is no - we take what we have.	Therefore, please log call into GE on Monday am and let them know we need an answer on Monday and would appreciate if they would accomodate us.
Kay, can you set up a dinner with Randall.			Kay, can you set up a dinner with Randall.
Please print all of these.			Please print all of these.
2  Could you set up another call for this Friday  May 18th  for 60 minutes at	Maureen:. Few things.. I was on the call with Steve today and he asked me to do a couple of things.. 1 Send a summary of today s call to the email list that you ve put together.. I ve got the list from the note you forwarded to me with the call-in info for today s call.. Is that the complete list?. If not, could you foward me the most recent one, which I ll use to distribute the summary?	If not, could you foward me the most recent one, which I ll use to distribute the summary?	2 Could you set up another call for this Friday May 18th for 60 minutes at 10 CDT/8 AM PDT, and distribute to the same bunch of folks that were on today s call?
review and give me a call with any questions you may have.	I m still not wild about 27.5, which says they have no liability for any advice they give us which is not required by the agreement.. It seems that we could get into an argument about causation of a problem, and what was in/out of their scope under the agreement.. I don t know that I have any brilliant ideas about how to narrow this carve out.. I guess we could say no liability so long as the advice is clearly outside the scope of work, and is given in good faith and in accordance with industry standards.. Scott:. Please see the attached redlined copy of the referenced provisions.	Please see the attached redlined copy of the referenced provisions.	Please review and give me a call with any questions you may have.
Please shut down the above counterparty from trading all financial products.			Please shut down the above counterparty from trading all financial products.
Lets go ahead and implement above ASAP.	David, I wouldn t do the Brown Bag too often- too hard to keep doing ; I wouldn t do the Social Gathering too country clubish ; I like the Monthly Dinner/Cocktail Hour/Ballgame, etc with the OTC and parts of the management team as a forum to identify talent, give A A s exposure to the management team and to sell ENA.. I would suggest that we make it every two months rather than monthly.. However, I would have the first one very quickly for the top rated A A in ENA that are due to rotate soon in order to try and pitch them on staying in ENA - maybe dinner and ballgame.. For the resource management and coaching part of the program, lets wait until we see where we end up on any possible changes to the program first.. I assume that you are working on a couple strawmen on possible alternatives.. Once we have a few ideas, I would like to pitch Whalley, Sherriff and Mark when I get back.	Once we have a few ideas, I would like to pitch Whalley, Sherriff and Mark when I get back.	Lets go ahead and implement above ASAP.
on that, so when you get a chance, give me a buzz and we can compare notes.	Hey Jeff.	Hey Jeff.	I ve got the details on the RGA meeting and am working with Rosie on that, so when you get a chance, give me a buzz and we can compare notes.
Anne, can you look at this deal and check to see how it was priced?			Anne, can you look at this deal and check to see how it was priced?
Please add Rhonda Robinson and Howard Camp to the list.	Ami,	Ami,	Please add Rhonda Robinson and Howard Camp to the list.
Please review for any final comments as well as you comments on allocations.	Attached is a draft spreadsheet that captures the budget items reviewed with IT yesterday.. I have tried to correlate our description with their project name.. I have also created a starting budget and proposed budget for your review.. A allocation row for east, west and cdn allocation has also been created for your review and comments.. The overall IT budget was brought down from 25.4MM to 16.3MM.	The overall IT budget was brought down from 25.4MM to 16.3MM.	Please review for any final comments as well as you comments on allocations.
Please check regularly for updates.	Get ready...decimalization is coming soon!. Dear SARAH:. To bring the U.S. securities markets in line with foreign markets and make the pricing easier to understand, the Securities Industry Association and the Securities and Exchange Commission have agreed to convert the existing U.S. stock and exchange-traded options markets from fraction to decimal-based pricing.. The SEC has recently mandated that this project be initiated no later than September 5, 2000.. As of this date, it hasn t been decided whether stocks will be traded in nickel or penny increments.. The NYSE will begin testing the decimal system in September with a group of 50 stocks traded to the penny, while all others will continue to be quoted in fractions.. To ensure that the transition progresses smoothly, with no disruption to the functioning of the market, other stocks and options will convert gradually to decimal pricing over a period of six months.. What this means to you as an E TRADE customer:. Decimalization means you ll soon see the prices for stocks and options quoted the same way they are at the grocery store or the gas station: 20.50 not 20-1/2 and 35.25 not 35-1/4 .. By April 1, 2001, every price you see on your trade confirmations, statements, on the E TRADE Web site, in the newspapers, and on the stock tickers on television will be expressed in decimals.. E TRADE is prepared to do everything possible to make this transition from fractions to decimals a smooth one.. Beginning in August, we will post more information about the conversion to decimal pricing on our Web site.	Beginning in August, we will post more information about the conversion to decimal pricing on our Web site.	Please check regularly for updates.
PPS Please confirm receipt of this.	Book2.xls Kim.. This is a view of a gas customer in our service territory.. Forecasted load over the next ten years, to the nearest thousand MMBTU.. Let me know how you like to quote something like this.. To the nearest thousand or five thousand.. I want to give these guys full requirements contract to their meter with a take or pay amount with whatever imbalance met at spot index prices.. I am leaning toward using the low forecast thinking gas prices may go down in the long term.. How would you like to proceed on this?. Mike.. P.S.. I only gave you the other forecasts in case you thought it would be a good idea to go another way.. They are for information, not action.	They are for information, not action.	PPS Please confirm receipt of this.
email to Chris Germany and let him discuss the price with Brian.	Marianne, i increased the 33dth to 800dth for 1/30-31.	Marianne, i increased the 33dth to 800dth for 1/30-31.	i will forward this email to Chris Germany and let him discuss the price with Brian.
Could you take a look at what I ve put together?	Bill -	Bill -	Could you take a look at what I ve put together?
Can you arrange with Bobbi?			Can you arrange with Bobbi?
Please RSVP your attendance to Cheryl Kuehl at x39804 or by email.	The Summer Associate Program is a critical component of our recruiting efforts.. We appreciate you acting as a Mentor for the following Summer Associate.. Vince,. A reception to introduce you to the Summer Associates is scheduled for June 22nd.. We have also provided the Summer Associate with your name and phone number; however, we encourage you to contact Guiseppe prior to the reception if possible.	We have also provided the Summer Associate with your name and phone number; however, we encourage you to contact Guiseppe prior to the reception if possible.	Please RSVP your attendance to Cheryl Kuehl at x39804 or by email.
verification is required please request a hard-copy version.	Please review the attached job description for Jennifer Walker -- also David thanks for moving the ball forward on this.. Dave. UBSW Energy job description.doc. - UBSW Energy job description.doc. Visit our website at http://www.ubswarburg.com. This message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named.. If you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate, distribute or copy this e-mail.. Please notify the sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this e-mail by mistake and delete this e-mail from your system.. E-mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error-free as information could be intercepted, corrupted, lost, destroyed, arrive late or incomplete, or contain viruses.. The sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message which arise as a result of e-mail transmission.	The sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message which arise as a result of e-mail transmission.	If verification is required please request a hard-copy version.
Please include the	I m not sure who is the keeper of the contact list.	I m not sure who is the keeper of the contact list.	Please include the following.
Please have this executed, together with the appropriate certificates.	Cindy:. Attached very bottom is the execution copy of the Bear Stearns guaranty.	Attached very bottom is the execution copy of the Bear Stearns guaranty.	Please have this executed, together with the appropriate certificates.
Please process.	Approved.	Approved.	Please process.
Can you help them with this?			Can you help them with this?
Please get with michelle and let her know of exact details.			Please get with michelle and let her know of exact details.
Take a look at the document.	I asked Sarah and Erin to give me some stats on the whole eThink platform.	I asked Sarah and Erin to give me some stats on the whole eThink platform.	Take a look at the document.
please attach a copy for my review.	Barry, Can you elaborate on what you are referring to about AOS daily balancing agreement?. Is this something that Stacy Dickson prepared for you?	Is this something that Stacy Dickson prepared for you?	If so, please attach a copy for my review.
pls put on my calendar			pls put on my calendar
please fill people in the attached floor plan			please fill people in the attached floor plan
John - please drop Mike a line about the Contracts system implementation on TW on Monday AM as Mike is attending Stan s staff meeting for me.			John - please drop Mike a line about the Contracts system implementation on TW on Monday AM as Mike is attending Stan s staff meeting for me.
Please contact Mike Glatz  916  608-5727	URGENT NOTIFICATION - ALL. SI will be UNAVAILABLE, Today 14:30 to 14:50pst to perform a Fail-Over within our SI servers in Folsom.. Please submit all Hour Ahead schedules for November 6th HE 1800 and 1900 and Supplemental Energy schedules for, 1700 and 1800 prior to 1400.. Once the fail-over is complete and the SI system is available, please clear your memory and disk caches Edit, Preferences, Advanced, Cache and close all Netscape windows including messages .. Restart Netscape and point your browsers to our Primary server by utilizing the following URL: https://iso si/iso.	Restart Netscape and point your browsers to our Primary server by utilizing the following URL: https://iso si/iso.	Please contact Mike Glatz PHONE mglatz caiso.com or Ginger Seitles PHONE gseitles caiso.com if you have any questions or concerns.
Kaye:  Will you please print this out for me?			Kaye: Will you please print this out for me?
Please monitor local news and weather forecasts	The potential for freezing rain and hazardous road conditions may be present this evening and early tomorrow morning particularly in the northern and western parts of the city.	The potential for freezing rain and hazardous road conditions may be present this evening and early tomorrow morning particularly in the northern and western parts of the city.	Please monitor local news and weather forecasts and use your judgement to insure a safe commute.
Will you please arrange the necessary personnel	Larry has obtained Stan Horton s verbal approval to recognize Fred Rimington s responsibilities as President of Black Mesa Pipeline by moving him up to ML04 from ML03.	Larry has obtained Stan Horton s verbal approval to recognize Fred Rimington s responsibilities as President of Black Mesa Pipeline by moving him up to ML04 from ML03.	Will you please arrange the necessary personnel action form for signatures by myself, Larry and Stan ?
Please defer Legal review of these until we get clarification on the company	Tana,. Please note the exceptions in Credit s approval per Aparna below.. We are working on clarification of these counterparties as well as the following from the approval list distributed on 2/28/01:	We are working on clarification of these counterparties as well as the following from the approval list distributed on 2/28/01:	Please defer Legal review of these until we get clarification on the company name.
Please insert independant amount language into the confirm.	hello all,. We have been asked by this customer to review certain credit language included within three confirmations for accuracy and possible amendment.. I have reviewed the terms and they are not exactly consistant perhaps with what was agreed to in principle.. Therefore, I am requesting three new confirmations be executed that effectively replace the original confirmations and send them to the customer.. Let me know if I can explain further.. TAG ND4986.1. Please amend the independant amount figure to specify 216,000 instead of 220,000.. TAG NE0432.1	TAG NE0432.1	Please insert independant amount language into the confirm.
Please, take a look at it.	Vernon,	Vernon,	Please, take a look at it.
Please show this article to Dana.	Hi Steve!	Hi Steve!	Please show this article to Dana.
PLEASE CHECK-IN WITH PHOTO IDENTIFICATION AND WITH	Vince,. Attached is a copy of my agenda for today s trip to Berkeley.. Also, my cell phone number is PHONE .. Thanks, Ashley. Please review the following ticketed itinerary. BAXTER/ASHLEY EB3614 ETKT RECEIPT ENRON BROADBAND SERVICES. DATE: OCT 13 2000. SERVICE DATE FROM TO DEPART ARRIVE. CONTINENTAL AIRLINES 16OCT HOUSTON TX SAN F CA 1155A 158P CO 1511 Y MON G.BUSH INTERCO SAN FRANCISCO TERMINAL C TERMINAL S SNACK NON STOP RESERVATION CONFIRMED 4:03 DURATION AIRCRAFT: MCDONNELL DOUGLAS ALL MD-80 SERIES SEAT 09D NO SMOKING CONFIRMED BAXTER/ASHLEY I. CONTINENTAL AIRLINES 17OCT OAKLAND CA HOUSTON TX 630A 1229P CO 1720 Y TUE INTERNATIONAL G.BUSH INTERCO TERMINAL 1 TERMINAL C SNACK NON STOP RESERVATION CONFIRMED 3:59 DURATION AIRCRAFT: BOEING 737-500 SEAT 07A NO SMOKING CONFIRMED BAXTER/ASHLEY I AISLE SEAT UNAVAILABLE.. REQ AGAIN AT CK IN.. WINDOW CONFIRMED YOUR ETKT CONFIRMATION NUMBER IS: M X N C V T. MISCELLANEOUS 16DEC HOUSTON TX SAT THANK YOU FOR USING THE TAP. RESERVATION NUMBER S CO/MXNCVT. BAXTER/ASHLEY S0C083ER1028. CO FREQUENT FLYER COFC137772 ASHLEY BAXTER PHONE INTL TVLRS: CARRY SOS WALLET CARD W/ENRONASSISTANCE INFO CALL SOS: IN U.S PHONE /INTL PHONE COLLECT THIS IS THE PASSENGER RECEIPT FOR YOUR ELECTRONIC TICKET.	CO FREQUENT FLYER COFC137772 ASHLEY BAXTER PHONE INTL TVLRS: CARRY SOS WALLET CARD W/ENRONASSISTANCE INFO CALL SOS: IN U.S PHONE /INTL PHONE COLLECT THIS IS THE PASSENGER RECEIPT FOR YOUR ELECTRONIC TICKET.	PLEASE CHECK-IN WITH PHOTO IDENTIFICATION AND WITH EITHER 1 THIS RECEIPT OR 2 YOUR CONFIRMATION NUMBER.
Please take a moment, change	Joe,. Attached below is a draft of an EGM update and org announcement.. It will be broad in scope and will address many areas.. Please review and provide comments especially on the Japan part.. I went ahead and took a stab at the first cut here and expect you to make all the changes and emphasis you feel is appropriate.. We are a couple of weeks away from discussing every player Morten Erik that is why I left it very broad.	We are a couple of weeks away from discussing every player Morten Erik that is why I left it very broad.	Please take a moment, change and send back to me for examination and incorporation.
Please forward this message to Naved Ahmed.	Please ensure that I have done this as expected and offer your approval, then I ll send for loading.. Per Steve Kirk and Drew Fossum please add the following in the Other section of the TFX Agreement:. Shipper agrees that if it utilizes Northern s capacity release program to release, on either a temporary or permanent basis, any capacity subject to the discount contained herein at a rate greater than the discounted rate, Shipper shall receive a demand charge credit only for the amount of the discounted rate agreed to herein.	Shipper agrees that if it utilizes Northern s capacity release program to release, on either a temporary or permanent basis, any capacity subject to the discount contained herein at a rate greater than the discounted rate, Shipper shall receive a demand charge credit only for the amount of the discounted rate agreed to herein.	Please forward this message to Naved Ahmed.
please email info AMRResearch.com or call  617  542-6600.	Vince, feel free to use this username and password to surf around the amrresearch site ken. The following is your user name and password for an AMR Research preview account.. Username: parkhill151647 Password: remain. The preview section will give you access to the executive summaries section and the presentation library.	The preview section will give you access to the executive summaries section and the presentation library.	If you have any questions about AMR Research, please email info AMRResearch.com or call PHONE .
Please review the	SK - I went ahead and approved this request.. This is to make Rick s computer faster.. mm. You have received a new IS S request for Richard Shapiro.	You have received a new IS S request for Richard Shapiro.	Please review the request and make any necessary changes.
Make sure to check out the Union-Tribune s Web site	Hi, Jeff --. I just had to write to someone who understands how CRAZY the electricity argument is getting.	I just had to write to someone who understands how CRAZY the electricity argument is getting.	Make sure to check out the Union-Tribune s Web site today to peruse the articles on dereg www.uniontrib.com .
Can you call the central desk for the price for spot	John, You know the answer.	John, You know the answer.	Can you call the central desk for the price for spot gas to be sold to Heartland.
Please try and get back to me asap as this is a very short	Ben: Because of the short time frame I am just forwarding the questions from our broker representing the surety concerning your request for bid bond.. Very valid questions and also will impact your performance bond should you win and need one.	Very valid questions and also will impact your performance bond should you win and need one.	Please try and get back to me asap as this is a very short time frame for the bond.
with your approval, please have it executed by an authorized officer and	At the request of Louise Kitchen, I am attaching our proposed form of Confidentiality Agreement.. If you have any questions or comments concerning the agreement please do not hesitate to call me at PHONE or Mark Taylor, Assisant General Counsel, at PHONE .	If you have any questions or comments concerning the agreement please do not hesitate to call me at PHONE or Mark Taylor, Assisant General Counsel, at PHONE .	If the agreement meets with your approval, please have it executed by an authorized officer and return it to me via fax at PHONE .
Please forward to your organization as appropriate.	Laura, I would like to congratulate you and your group on a very successful quarter.. Hats off to the team!!. Let me know how I can help.	Let me know how I can help.	Please forward to your organization as appropriate.
Thanks Dana for the update, would you let Kevin know also thanking him, also			Thanks Dana for the update, would you let Kevin know also thanking him, also I will not be at the meeting tonight me and Curtis are going to Good Hope Church to meet with Shaun.
Please email your response to	SK - I ve printed these out.. mm. My just over half a page summaries of the main items are attached as requested in two separate documents, for first and second halves of 2000.. REMINDER:. Your list of accomplishments are due today.	Your list of accomplishments are due today.	Please email your response to Steve Kean and copy me.
NOTE THAT OUR WEB SITE ADDRESS HAS CHANGED; PLEASE UPDATE YOUR BOOKMARKS TO:	Dear FRBNY Research Reader:	Dear FRBNY Research Reader:	NOTE THAT OUR WEB SITE ADDRESS HAS CHANGED; PLEASE UPDATE YOUR BOOKMARKS TO: http://www.newyorkfed.org/rmaghome
voicemail today, please read or re-read the attached list of administrative			Samantha and Stephanie, In addition to the points mentioned by Sara in her voicemail today, please read or re-read the attached list of administrative tasks to complete and implement where appropriate.
Please send me the list of names that will be attending the Adaytum Demo on 2/27/2001 from 10:00-1:00, lunch will be provided.			Please send me the list of names that will be attending the Adaytum Demo on 2/27/2001 from 10:00-1:00, lunch will be provided.
Please RSVP and direct any questions to:	Volunteer Opportunity to become involved in the community and meet professionals throughout Houston. Become involved in the community and see how you can help change the face of Houston at a meeting hosting the Quality of Life Coalition.. The Quality of Life Coalition is a part of the Gulf Coast Institute, a prominent non-for-profit entity that is engaged in making Houston a better place to live by developing and promoting recreational and environmental amenities such as running and biking trails like the greenbelt for you Austinites!. that appeal to all parts of the community.. The group is a mixture of local citizens from the civic improvement, business, and environmental communities who would like to improve the fundamental health and economics of the city to be more competitive with other cities.. At the meeting, the president will more specifically discuss the plan for Houston as well as volunteer opportunities for interested and experienced professionals.. The meeting is: Tuesday, October 16th 11:30 in 27c2	The meeting is: Tuesday, October 16th 11:30 in 27c2	Please RSVP and direct any questions to: Catherine Rentz Pernot X57654
Please verify...Maybe they are 377254 or 377264 or	Kathy/Scott,. I don t know exactly what Chris wanted but here s my stab at it and remember my limited mental abilities are making a bunch of assumptions...... Deal 459233 is the exchange offset to 459214 and should probably be zerod out.. 459193 is the exchange offset to 459175 and should probably be zerod out as well.. Scott, 459188 and 459231 seem to be the New Power buys needed.. I don t know which are the New Power sales needed to hook up with transport to capture transportation costs.	I don t know which are the New Power sales needed to hook up with transport to capture transportation costs.	Please verify...Maybe they are 377254 or 377264 or 377268 or 454060.....
Kate, please check, deal 565759.01, I verballed the trade with APB on Friday			Kate, please check, deal 565759.01, I verballed the trade with APB on Friday 3/30/01 Enron Sells Idaho 4/2-4/2 220.00 total mw s400 sp 15
When the CISO asks, please put this deal in as early as possible, and then be	Group,. California has asked us to swing energy up from NOB around to COB...We do this by using the following account s. 1.. The CISO provides us with energy at NOB 2.. We then use BPA t to take it to SNOPUD-BPA account 682840 3.. We do a buy/resale with SNOPUD for 25 4.. SNOPUD gives us the energy at their system and we take it to PGE at John Day- BPA account 840542 5.. We use PGE direct from John Day down to the CISO.. 6.. We collect 150 from the CISO for the service.. Phone numbers are: BPA t :9- PHONE SNOPUD:9- PHONE PGE t :8650. The CISO would like to be able to call upon this when PATH 15 problems occur and they are in an emergency situation.	The CISO would like to be able to call upon this when PATH 15 problems occur and they are in an emergency situation.	When the CISO asks, please put this deal in as early as possible, and then be sure to check out closely with all counterparties including the CISO at NOB and COB.
Please resolve with counterparty and discuss with me.	I would like to have this agreement executed during the week of Oct. 23.	I would like to have this agreement executed during the week of Oct. 23.	Please resolve with counterparty and discuss with me.
Please set up a call for 60 minutes for tomorrow, 10.11.00 for 11 AM	Hi.	Hi.	Please set up a call for 60 minutes for tomorrow, 10.11.00 for 11 AM CALIFORNIA time and distribute info to the list of folks below.
respond through E-mails please copy me.	Charles, I m sorry I ve taken so long to get back to you on this.. Since I didn t have time to analyze your paper, please see the attached paper on the release of information in an RTO.. Also, talk to Alan, I think he provided further support for our recommendations in an affidavit he filed at FERC.. Also, please work with Alan about your comments on page 5.	Also, please work with Alan about your comments on page 5.	Alan, if you respond through E-mails please copy me.
PS, would you mind swinging over to the Hermes and pick me up a	Cool.. They sell their music CD s at the front desk.. They may even have two out.. Would you mind picking them up for me?. I ll pay you back, I promise.. If you have time, check out the gym/pool/message in the basement of the hotel--it s great.. Also try to get a room overlooking the interior courtyard, and don t change money at the hotel--they ll bend you as only the french can.. Have a great time.....and definitely hang out in the lounge of the hotel.. Jeff.	Jeff.	PS, would you mind swinging over to the Hermes and pick me up a briefcase?--they re about 5,000 or so.
Please call me with questions.	To all -. I ve trued up the El Paso model and Enpower for June.. Most of these variances were simple adjustments to the model, and we should be variance-free for June at this point.. Also, I ve notified the Real Time traders that we will re-instate the El Paso reconciliation model as of July 1.	Also, I ve notified the Real Time traders that we will re-instate the El Paso reconciliation model as of July 1.	Please call me with questions.
please double check.	Mark - Trading would like to commence transacting Last day Nymex vs.. Physical delivery.. So far each request is for an established Location.. Attached please find an example of one such transaction.. Please review and offer aproval/comments.	Please review and offer aproval/comments.	Jennifer, I am certain that we have already mapped this but if you could please double check.
Please approve and autoschedule annuity   580471.	Kate,	Kate,	Please approve and autoschedule annuity 580471.
All:  Please review for content.			All: Please review for content.
Please archive these tapes in a secure location.	FYI.... Jeff Shankman and Fred Lagrasta are trying to change Enron s Tape Retention Policy from four months to forever on a number of individuals in their group.. Due to the inner workings of our recording system, selective tape retention is impossible.. It is a all or none type of situation.. Please review this email and our current Tape Retention Policy and decide what course of action is needed.. As you know this email is not enough to permanently stop the company s retention policy.. A new policy would need to be drafted and signed by John Lavorato and yourself before this could occur.. If you have any questions, please call me at PHONE . Regards, Darren Adamik Mgr.-Trading Technology. Forwarded by Barbara Lewis/HOU/ECT on 05/26/2000 07:45 AM. Per Jeff Shankman- The attached document reflects the ENA Gas Risk Management Middle Marketing Groups.. Everyone who appears on the list has a recorded line.. I am aware that all tapes are destroyed after a certain time period; however, it is imperative that these particular tapes are never destroyed.	I am aware that all tapes are destroyed after a certain time period; however, it is imperative that these particular tapes are never destroyed.	Please archive these tapes in a secure location.
Please review the attached non-standard discount letter to Phillips Petroleum	Christine, you need a comma between July and August.. Otherwise this looks fine.. TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE COMPANY CONTRACT APPROVAL REQUEST	TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE COMPANY CONTRACT APPROVAL REQUEST	Please review the attached non-standard discount letter to Phillips Petroleum Company.
Please print for me - Black   white okay - I can t seemt to get this printe			Please print for me - Black white okay - I can t seemt to get this printe d 20 from my printer.
Please fax the confirm to my attention at the number listed below upon after	Mr. Hall:. Attached is a revised Gas Purchase Agreement and Confirm for your review.. I have completed the confirm, and revised Sections 3.3 and 9.2.. If you are in agreement with this version of the contract, please print two originals sign the contract and confirm, return both to my attention at the location below.. I will send an original for your records upon final execution.	I will send an original for your records upon final execution.	Please fax the confirm to my attention at the number listed below upon after signing.
returns that same morning, can you please call me at X-36898 on Wednesday	Mike McConnell is out of the office on vacation until next Wednesday.. He does not have his computer with him on this trip, therefore he has asked me to scan his e-mail for him.. Since he returns Wednesday, his calendar is very full and unfortunately he will be in a meeting with the Executive Committee off-site on Friday.. I can tentatively hold 1:30 - 2:00 p.m. on Wednesday afternoon.	I can tentatively hold 1:30 - 2:00 p.m. on Wednesday afternoon.	Since I will be unable to confirm this meeting with Mike until he returns that same morning, can you please call me at X-36898 on Wednesday morning to confirm the appointment.
Call me to find out our special on Preferred seats during the day of	I just received this update from our good friend Ryan at the Blazers office.. Thought you guys might like to distribute the news..... Here are the upcoming Blazer specials for a Enron NA employees!	Here are the upcoming Blazer specials for a Enron NA employees!	Blue Section lower level endzone - 47 normally 69 - Available for some games Purple section upper level center - 20 Normally 23 Tan section upper level behind basket - 10 Call me to find out our special on Preferred seats during the day of the game!
Please get me any suggestions, etc.	Attached is a preliminary agenda for the LeBoeuf meetings this week.. I would like to propose that we have the LeBoeuf lawyers in the office midday Tuesday to meet with us Tuesday afternoon and then as much as Wednesday as necessary.. I would assume we would want a core group of lawyers to attend all or substantially all of the meetings and then we would bring in business people as appropriate.. I would also try to arrange the schedule to handle EES only or EWG only issues in blocks.. 1.. PLEASE LET ME KNOW ASAP IF THIS SCHEDULE IS A PROBLEM.. I know getting on everyone s calendar on short notice is a challenge.. Thanks in advance for your attention to this matter.. 2.. John, can you highlight for me any areas where you expect business participation so we can start arranging our business people s schedules.. 3.. EWG - who will take the lead on discussing the commercial agreements?. 4.. Let me know if you have additional agenda topics.. 5.. Jim, should we arrange some time on your calendar with the LeBoeuf lawyers?	Jim, should we arrange some time on your calendar with the LeBoeuf lawyers?	Please get me any suggestions, etc.
Go ahead and send it unframed.	Virginia, Thanks for the email.	Virginia, Thanks for the email.	Go ahead and send it unframed.
Diane, would you please track this down and let Cathy know that we ll respond asap when I return.			Diane, would you please track this down and let Cathy know that we ll respond asap when I return.
Please call me at  713  221-1131 with your questions.	Please print and put in the Fuel Cell binder you made me last week.. It is on my desk, I think.. Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 10/09/2000 05:08 PM. Kay, please read this memo...Because you will be working with the originators and will be the first lawyer to know when the condition of the orders is filled you are probably the right person to blow the whistle for the 13D filing...Let me know if you think otherwise. Attached is the memo regarding the Schedule 13D filing requirements in connection with the FuelCell transaction.	Attached is the memo regarding the Schedule 13D filing requirements in connection with the FuelCell transaction.	Please call me at PHONE with your questions.
Please review deal 133010.	Julie,	Julie,	Please review deal 133010.
If so, please email me and I will	Margaret-. Renato and I are already signed up to work Kali s class booth and our son s class booth--all at different times.. I don t think we ll be able to help all afternoon at one booth, but if something changes I would be more than happy to help Mary out.. Susan Pereira. Dear Second Grade parents,. Our class booth is the pinata booth and the booth chair is Mary Rothwell.. ?As you may know, she is expecting a baby in early April.. ?She is still willing to run the booth and prepare the pinatas before the fair but will need someone to help her that day since she will have her newborn with her.. ?. Duties would begin mid morning with setup and continue until 2:30 or 3:00 with cleanup.. ?During F F hours from 11:00 - 3:00 her helper would need to help run the booth, hanging the pinatas from the tree, collecting tickets, etc.. ?There are also several parent volunteer hourly slots that have not been filled - one slot from 1:00 - 2:00 and two slots from 2:00- 3:00.. Could any of you help with any of this?. ?	?	If so, please email me and I will let her know.
Please copy the profiles of the US East Power Phy Fwd Firm LD to the US Eas	Ran it by Leslie, OK for us!. Original Message. Tana, Kelly, Karen:. The product long description below will fall under the new product type:. 09US East Power Phy Firm Spd LD. Credit Tom Moran/Wendi Lebrocq have approved copying the profiles for the new product type from the following:. 09US East Power Phy Fwd Firm LD 20. Please respond no later than 5pm today, Wednesday, September 26.. Thank you.. Original Message. Regards,. Wendi LeBrocq 3-3835. Original Message. Stephanie:	Stephanie:	Please copy the profiles of the US East Power Phy Fwd Firm LD to the US Eas t Power Phy Firm Spread LD .
please print this and attachments.			please print this and attachments.
you send me a copy.	Mark, It was good seeing you last week in Houston.. You mentioned that Enron submitted comments on the CFTC Proposed rulemaking.. I recall seeing a draft of our comments but i have not received a copy of the actual comments.	I recall seeing a draft of our comments but i have not received a copy of the actual comments.	Can you send me a copy.
can you make a reservation for 8 at vallones at 6:30 today.			can you make a reservation for 8 at vallones at 6:30 today.
copy, use or disclose this communication to others; also please notify the	This message and any attachments are intended for the individual or entity named above.	This message and any attachments are intended for the individual or entity named above.	If you are not the intended recipient, please do not read, copy, use or disclose this communication to others; also please notify the sender by replying to this message, and then delete it from your system.
Give me a call.	EES is trading them up.	EES is trading them up.	Give me a call.
Accordingly, Jeff and Richard - please either call me to discuss your	Confidential Attorney Work Product Not Discoverable. Attached is a preliminary draft of the Legal Risk Chart.. You will need to open this in Read Only mode. Richard and Jeff -. As we discussed, I will need further assistance from you to complete several of the entries.. I have put your names by the entries that will either need to be updated or to be completed.. I believe Julia and Mark T would be the best to provide updated information on the SEC Risk and the CFTC Risk , respectively, and I will get with them shortly to update.. This document has limited access; only my assistant, Brenda Whitehead can view/revise.	This document has limited access; only my assistant, Brenda Whitehead can view/revise.	Accordingly, Jeff and Richard - please either call me to discuss your comments and I can complete the chart with Brenda or else provide Brenda with your written comments.
Would you please include my name on all future e-mails.	Scott--	Scott--	Would you please include my name on all future e-mails.
In addition, could you scan the list below	5. Could you please forward your ECP time for July.. We are trying to finalize the invoice tommorow.. Thanks.. Could you please tell me the percentage/amount of time you spent on East Cost Power during the month of July.	Could you please tell me the percentage/amount of time you spent on East Cost Power during the month of July.	In addition, could you scan the list below to see if there are any additional employees in your group that spent time on ECP, so we can ensure we bill all of our used resources to ECP.
Please use the following.	Mark,. The correct distribution list does not have any underscores.	The correct distribution list does not have any underscores.	Please use the following.
Please send me redrafts when you are	FYI - Snider s comments. Eric Gillaspie PHONE Enron Building 3886. The Exhibit B which he has suggested needs to be in sync with our gas quality specifications, a copy of which you can get from Shawna.. Once you have made this change, Jim Haden needs to review Exhibit B in total.. The other changes thay have requested are fine by me.	The other changes thay have requested are fine by me.	Please send me redrafts when you are completed.
Please donate this	Mary Jakubiak 6449 Old Pietla Rd PO 57 Clinton, WA westcoastwren hotmail.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Can you please have someone start pulling the ROW files for this pipe?	Roger, see note below.	Roger, see note below.	Can you please have someone start pulling the ROW files for this pipe?
Please release Boston gas capacity to  Energy Express  and let me	It s possible BUG, ConEd and Lilco may release capacity to you for June.. If so let me know.	If so let me know.	Please release Boston gas capacity to Energy Express and let me know the contracts/packages.
ail list       please send an email to TraderSummaryemail syncrasy.com  - I	IMAGE 09. IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE Syncrasy, LLC?	IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE Syncrasy, LLC?	PHONE Off PHONE Fax 909 Texas Avenue Suite 1314 H ouston, TX 77002 www.syncrasy.com Sales: PHONE Deve lopment Offices: PHONE Off PHONE Fax 835 Main Avenue Sui te 221 Durango, CO 81301 09 09 IMAGE Complimentary version of Trader Summary from Syncrasy, LLC and APB Energy Inc. - If you would l ike to receive this product early in the morning please call Syncrasy at PHONE for more information or send an email to subscribe T raderSummary syncrasy.com - If you would like to be added to this daily em ail list please send an email to TraderSummaryemail syncrasy.com - I f you would like to be removed from this daily email please reply to this email with the words CANCEL or send an email to cancel tradersummary syncrasy.com Data last updated: Wednesday, Oct 24, 2001 at 07:40AM ET Commentary last updated: Wednesday, Oct 24, 2001 at 10:19AM ET Meteorol ogist: Andy Weingarten... APB Energy / True Quote Congratulations Andy W eingarten, APB Energy!
Please review and if it looks OK, print out on ENA	Attached is the letter agreement which extended the EE CC confidentiality agreement to our deal.	Attached is the letter agreement which extended the EE CC confidentiality agreement to our deal.	Please review and if it looks OK, print out on ENA letterhead two copies for execution.
Could you call or e-mail back?	Dave,. John Lavorato would like me to get back with him regarding exactly why we can t send out a pop-up window to advertise the new power products that we re launching this week.	John Lavorato would like me to get back with him regarding exactly why we can t send out a pop-up window to advertise the new power products that we re launching this week.	Could you call or e-mail back?
Also, please notify my	TJ, Please put on my calendar for every Tues., thanks.	TJ, Please put on my calendar for every Tues., thanks.	Also, please notify my team that we will have a meeting with the marketing group every Mon at 3:30pm that Ed Baughman should be setting up with you.
Could you distribute the link and the attached invitation letter to groups	Dr. Kaminski, I think I ll be able to start work from the last week of May, but not from monday, probably, I ll be able to work from 5/30 wed .. Will it be good?. I know it is not that much earlier than I mentioned..6/4 I am sorry.	I know it is not that much earlier than I mentioned..6/4 I am sorry.	And actually, there is an e-business conference at Haas school of business, organized by my advisor Could you distribute the link and the attached invitation letter to groups interested in e-business and especially procurement?
Can you please get a contact name and phone number for this counterparty from			Can you please get a contact name and phone number for this counterparty from Mike Swerzbin as soon as possible?
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Shannon Spicer 183 Thatcher Road Bolton Valley, VT 05477 shanspice yahoo.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please prepare a draft ISDA pursuant to the attached credit worksheet and			Please prepare a draft ISDA pursuant to the attached credit worksheet and deliver to Agustin Perez.
Please take time now to browse the	Welcome ERROL MCLAUGHLIN. Thank you for activating your new card.	Thank you for activating your new card.	Please take time now to browse the new Downtown Club website, and later to visit each of your new club facilities!
please update your expiration date prior to your billing date by accessing	Please cancel the Palm.Net service effective immediately.. I am no longer using the Palm Pilot and therefore do not need the Palm.Net service.. Thank you for your assistance.. Dear Mike McConnell,. The credit card you are currently using for the Palm.Net service is about to expire.	The credit card you are currently using for the Palm.Net service is about to expire.	To avoid any interruption to your service, prior to your next billing date, please update your expiration date prior to your billing date by accessing the My Account/Update Credit Card Info area at www.palm.net.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Sheryl Cardozo 2090 Fifth St. Boulder, CO 80302 scardozo mindspring.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
4. Please provide engineering details of RTU module and associated			-Origin: Rogers-B X-FileName: brogers.nsf
Please review the attached document.?			Please review the attached document.?
Please, make sure Jeff Shankman is notified.	Shirley,	Shirley,	Please, make sure Jeff Shankman is notified.
Please review as soon as you have time and get back to me with any questions	Please find attached the 2000 Customer Trip Proposal as prepared by myself and Chantelle Villarreal.. You will find included the Approval form for the Executive office with the cost per person 635.85 .. Following this page is the agenda that provides explanation of the anticipated expenses for the meeting.. And then finally, the 2000 Guest List, which includes both customers, schedulers and managers.	And then finally, the 2000 Guest List, which includes both customers, schedulers and managers.	Please review as soon as you have time and get back to me with any questions or concerns you may have.
Please, remove me from the list.			Please, remove me from the list.
Effective immediately, please do the following:	CORRECTION per the bolded text below.. On Wednesday, October 31, I sent an email to all Enron employees worldwide in order to ensure that Enron employees retained documents that might be relevant to ongoing litigation.. New lawsuits have been filed that enlarge the scope of the information that Enron will need to retain.. The following list includes both the topics in the earlier email and the topics related to the new lawsuits.	The following list includes both the topics in the earlier email and the topics related to the new lawsuits.	Effective immediately, please do the following:
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	James McGinn 15 Greenleaf Rd Milton, MA 02186 aprilhoover msn.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
To perform a Schwab Money Funds transaction, please call	Dear Schwab Client:. As of Thursday September 13, 2001, SchwabFunds R Money Funds will be open for Shareholder transactions and will continue to be open for business each day that the Federal Reserve Bank of New York the Fed is open.. This change to the Schwab Money Funds business days is designed to provide shareholders the ability to access their cash investment while the New York Stock Exchange NYSE remains closed.. Typically, the Schwab Money Funds are open for business only on days that both the Fed and the NYSE are open.	Typically, the Schwab Money Funds are open for business only on days that both the Fed and the NYSE are open.	To perform a Schwab Money Funds transaction, please call PHONE or your Signature Services Team.
Please mark your calendars, as we	I would like to do this, but I have a speaking engagement the next day -- do the time zones work out so that I can do both or do I need to find a sub for the nov 1 speech?. To commemorate the launch of our business activities and the opening of our office operations in Tokyo, Enron Japan requests the honor of your presence at a grand opening ceremony and reception.	To commemorate the launch of our business activities and the opening of our office operations in Tokyo, Enron Japan requests the honor of your presence at a grand opening ceremony and reception.	Please mark your calendars, as we are scheduled to celebrate this new venture on Tuesday, October 31, 2000, 6:30 to 8:30 p.m., Hotel Okura, Akebono Room, in Tokyo.
Please call me to discuss.			Please call me to discuss.
Check out the Idea Vault and the latest ideas:  lift peakers,	Got a question about the Building Guy?. Ask Beth Stier!. Join Beth, owner of Innovision Communications and the brains behind the Building Guy, on eSpeak this Wednesday, May 23 at 10 a.m. Houston time.. Beth s company manages most of the video production for Enron; find out how!. Can t make the live event?. No worries.. Go to eSpeak http://ethink.enron.com/eSpeak/exec/default.asp now and submit your question.. Beth will answer it during her event and you can read the transcript later.. What s new in the Thinkbank http://nahou-lnapp01.corp.enron.com/eThink/Thinkbank.nsf/HomePage?OpenPage this week?	What s new in the Thinkbank http://nahou-lnapp01.corp.enron.com/eThink/Thinkbank.nsf/HomePage?OpenPage this week?	Check out the Idea Vault and the latest ideas: lift peakers, password thumbprints, an anti-money laundering game, administrative assistant computer-based training and even coffee trading!
Please send David Lund copies of our standard corporate services agreement and the standard assignment letter  use Bridgeline example -- with and without non-compete .			Please send David Lund copies of our standard corporate services agreement and the standard assignment letter use Bridgeline example -- with and without non-compete .
If either of you can, please make the change in SITARA.	Hello Cora and Kam, Kay says below in response to my e-mail below that the 2 deals shown should be PG E Energy Trading - Gas Corporation.	Hello Cora and Kam, Kay says below in response to my e-mail below that the 2 deals shown should be PG E Energy Trading - Gas Corporation.	If either of you can, please make the change in SITARA.
Please confirm receipt and ability	Attached are the swap forms we have utilized in round one of the raptor off balance sheet swap project.. I have tried to clean them, and have also incorporated comments received thus far from Kirkland Ellis, firm for Talon.. Please review these forms and provide any further comments or suggestions to them by Tuesday morning of next week.. As I mentioned, we plan to forward to you proposal sheets as and when received for all the remaining swaps to be placed into the raptor vehicles for preparation of the swaps by your firm.. We should know more about the timing of the next round of swaps next week.. As other and varied investments may be placed in the vehicles, we will ask that your firm develop the forms to be used on the basis of the proposals and any documents applicable to the underlying investment.. Finally, please finalize the memorandum on termination and forward to my attention next week, if possible.. Thank you for your continued assistance.	Thank you for your continued assistance.	Please confirm receipt and ability to have comments to me by Tuesday.
questions, please call me at  214  880-0089, ext. 2550 or e-mail me at			-Origin: DERRICK-J X-FileName: Derrick Jr., James.pst
Ben, can you address that	Team,. I do not know if we have a full and complete set of documents, and if so, how long it will take to get these documents copied.	I do not know if we have a full and complete set of documents, and if so, how long it will take to get these documents copied.	Ben, can you address that issue?
Kaye:  Can you please fax a confirm for me?			Kaye: Can you please fax a confirm for me?
Please plan to attend a meeting on Thursday, April 27, from 3:00 - 5:00 p.m.			Please plan to attend a meeting on Thursday, April 27, from 3:00 - 5:00 p.m. to discuss Luken s storage model and, more importantly, where we want to go with a storage book.
Please email or provide hard copies of the Confirmation s  ENA has with the captioned counterparty.	Diane or Patrick,	Diane or Patrick,	Please email or provide hard copies of the Confirmation s ENA has with the captioned counterparty.
Please also fill in the blanks	Rahil,. Attached for your review please find a draft of the above-referenced Agreement.. Please pay special attention to the provisions in the Agreement which have been highlighted or bracketed.	Please pay special attention to the provisions in the Agreement which have been highlighted or bracketed.	Please also fill in the blanks i.e.
process, please call the PEP Help Desk at the following numbers:	NOTE: YOU WILL RECEIVE THIS MESSAGE EACH TIME YOU ARE SELECTED AS A REVIEWER.. You have been selected to participate in the Mid-Year 2000 Performance Management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee s that have been identified for you.. Your feedback plays an important role in the performance management process, and your participation is very critical to the success of Enron s Performance Management goals.. Please provide feedback on the employee s listed below by accessing the Performance Management System PEP and completing an online feedback form as described in the Performance Management Quick Reference Guide .. You may begin your feedback input immediately.. Please have all feedback forms completed by the date noted below.	Please have all feedback forms completed by the date noted below.	If you have any questions regarding PEP or your responsibility in the process, please call the PEP Help Desk at the following numbers:
Please reply to this message within 48 hours to complete the registration process.	Thank you for registering for the AOL Instant Messenger SM service!. Your registration for screen name ljmenron has been received.. You are now one step away from being able to: Communicate instantly -- it s fast, easy, fun and free!. Create your own Buddy List r feature -- see when your friends and family are online.. Meet new friends in our chat rooms or by searching our member directory.. Follow your stocks and news headlines, exchange files and images and much, much more.	Follow your stocks and news headlines, exchange files and images and much, much more.	Please reply to this message within 48 hours to complete the registration process.
Twanda, please print and then file -- GM/Labor Union			Twanda, please print and then file -- GM/Labor Union
Please explain.	I have no idea what this means.	I have no idea what this means.	Please explain.
Paul -- Please contact the following gentleman with Universal.			Paul -- Please contact the following gentleman with Universal.
Please call me with any questions or comments you may have.	print job, please.. How was your weekend?. I had a good one.. Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 05/29/2001 08:14 AM. Attached for your review please find one 1 clean copy of the latest drafts of the property owners association documents for Midway Grove, and one 1 copy of same which have been marked to show the revisions to the previous draft.	Attached for your review please find one 1 clean copy of the latest drafts of the property owners association documents for Midway Grove, and one 1 copy of same which have been marked to show the revisions to the previous draft.	Please call me with any questions or comments you may have.
Please respond to  Chris Strickland   chris lacimagroup.com			Chris Strickland chris lacimagroup.com on 04/05/2001 10:33:57 PM Please respond to Chris Strickland chris lacimagroup.com To: VinceJKaminski Vince.J.Kaminski enron.com , Vince home VKaminski aol.com cc: Subject: eprm article
Please indicate your approval via REPLY WITH HISTORY.	Approved.. TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE CONTRACT APPROVAL REQUEST. Please review the attached non-standard discount letter to Southwest Gas Corporation SWG .. SWG shall enter into a 10 year agreement for 14,000 Dth/d of seasonal November through March capacity effective November 1, 2000.. The transport rate of .15/Dth/d shall increase annually by .005/Dth/d.. The primary path shall be from Tranwestern s East of Thoreau EOT Area to the SWG Interconnect located in the East of California Area.. Alternate receipt point rights shall be from Tranwestern s EOT Area and from the Bloomfield Compressor.. SWG ROFR rights shall be wiaved.. In additionTranswestern shall propose to retain revenues generated by capacity release at rates higher than the effective contract s discount rate.. Please note that the FTS-1 Appendix A - not shown here with the discount letter- specifically indicates 0 MMcf/d capacity for the April through October period.. Therefore, even though the .1500/MMBtu rate in Paragraph 3 of the discount letter does not indicate the rate is a seasonal rate , the effective billing to SWG shall be seasonal.	Therefore, even though the .1500/MMBtu rate in Paragraph 3 of the discount letter does not indicate the rate is a seasonal rate , the effective billing to SWG shall be seasonal.	Please indicate your approval via REPLY WITH HISTORY.
Could you resend?	Perfect.. Kay:. We have resent to your fax number.. Please let me know if you don t have them when you get in.. Please send my set of documents to G G Garcia.. She is located in 3AC2104 and she can forward them to me in Sao Paulo.. Thanks, Brett. Hi Brett,. We haven t been able to locate it.	We haven t been able to locate it.	Could you resend?
Please review the attached at your convenience and let me or Dan know if	Mr. Kurzer -. Dan Diamond requested that I forward a revised version of the LOI in relation to Enron s Broker/Client product.. I have attached below a clean and marked version.. The marked version reflects changes from the version of the agreement forwarded earlier this week by Tana Jones.	The marked version reflects changes from the version of the agreement forwarded earlier this week by Tana Jones.	Please review the attached at your convenience and let me or Dan know if there are any questions or concerns.
We intend to send a copy of all restart plans to our new buyer - could you please format your accordingly .			We intend to send a copy of all restart plans to our new buyer - could you please format your accordingly .
counterparty, please make the buy price the price you pay the counterparty	Group, A quick reminder.	Group, A quick reminder.	When doing a buy/resale where we are purchasing from a counterparty, please make the buy price the price you pay the counterparty and the sell price the price the counterparty pays you.
One last request, could you please send us the daily e-mails that specify the daily AOS allocations.	Hi Liz,. Thanks in advance for putting me on the list of people to receive updates or notices regarding Alliance and/or Vector pipeline.. This information is extremely important as we are trading this product on EnronOnline without much information.. Also could you please add Lisa Kinsey and Mark Schrab to the e-mail list as they schedule all of the Alliance and Vector gas.	Also could you please add Lisa Kinsey and Mark Schrab to the e-mail list as they schedule all of the Alliance and Vector gas.	One last request, could you please send us the daily e-mails that specify the daily AOS allocations.
Can you email me Glenn s info so I can send him the hard copy?	It is an hour and a half west of Memphis.. No where.. You can smell the meat processing plant.. Hey, you would probably like that!. Glenn Lockwood, SVP CFO, NJ Resources Corporation, 1415 Wyckoff Road, Wall NJ 07719.. Where in the hell is Clarksdale Mississippi?. And don t just tell me in Mississippi!. Great trip back.. I spent yesterday in Clarksdale Mississippi.. Don t make a point of spending your vacation there!	Don t make a point of spending your vacation there!	Can you email me Glenn s info so I can send him the hard copy?
Therefore, please prepare our standard GISB,	Debra, I have looked over the cancelled GISB that CES tried to put in place with FGU.. Nothing in there of note.	Nothing in there of note.	Therefore, please prepare our standard GISB, do not use any of their language.
Please fill out a simple form at http://www.ghzpc.net/bizopp/	Revolutionary home based business that can make you over 5000 per month in as little as 6 months.. If you ever dreamed of staying home, spending more time with your loved ones, and becoming financially free all at the same time, then here s your chance.. If you have the desire and willingness to earn more income each month and have the ability to follow some simple instructions, you too can become one of the thousands of Americans who are achieving financial freedom every day.. Many different programs to choose from.. Hate MLM?. Direct selling?. No problem, we have many opportunities you would love to take.	No problem, we have many opportunities you would love to take.	Please fill out a simple form at http://www.ghzpc.net/bizopp/ and get your free information on several most lucrative home based business with absolutely no obligation!
Can you give her	Hey Tana.. I got a call this morning from someone in the DB offices in London who seems to think that the issues between us, relating to EOL I guess, are all settled - and she d like to know where we ll be signing their assignment agreement.	I got a call this morning from someone in the DB offices in London who seems to think that the issues between us, relating to EOL I guess, are all settled - and she d like to know where we ll be signing their assignment agreement.	Can you give her a call:
Please confirm ASAP.	Do we need to give notice to customers before we shut in receipt points due to off-spec gas?. Sec.. 44 of the NN tariff implies to me that if a customer s gas has too much water, for example, we can shut it in at any time without notice.	44 of the NN tariff implies to me that if a customer s gas has too much water, for example, we can shut it in at any time without notice.	Please confirm ASAP.
Please review the New Deals and Originations requests as this	Errol,. Per my phone message, please find below the e-mail previously sent on April 14th.	Per my phone message, please find below the e-mail previously sent on April 14th.	Please review the New Deals and Originations requests as this information is currently an extreme priority to us to complete our quarterly gas testing.
Please provide a the Drift analysis for 2001 and the expected new deals			Mike, Please provide a the Drift analysis for 2001 and the expected new deals impact on the PV of the Gross Book Balance over 2001.
comments,  if okay, please start the execution process and forward 2 to me	Charlotte, Please explain what you are referring to when you state that Article 12.7 was omitted by accident.. My copy of the signed agreement has 12.7.. I am attaching the proposed Amendment for your review and comments.. I added the Gas Daily Midpoint Price to be used as a default index when a index was not specified and for online transactions.	I added the Gas Daily Midpoint Price to be used as a default index when a index was not specified and for online transactions.	Please review and let me have your comments, if okay, please start the execution process and forward 2 to me for signature by ENA.
Please respond to Darrell Duffie  duffie Stanford.EDU	Darrell,. Thanks a lot.. I really appreciate it.. The text is below our usual standards but we are completely swamped with work here.. Vince	Vince	Darrell Duffie duffie Stanford.EDU on 08/15/2000 04:54:23 PM Please respond to Darrell Duffie duffie Stanford.EDU To: Vince.J.Kaminski enron.com cc: Subject: Re: Full version
Please review the list below of these commercial employees that report up to you, directly or indirectly, and let him know if you see any discrepancies.	Chris,. John is currently evaluating the current HR list for Commercial Managers, Directors and VP s that are eligible for bonus.	John is currently evaluating the current HR list for Commercial Managers, Directors and VP s that are eligible for bonus.	Please review the list below of these commercial employees that report up to you, directly or indirectly, and let him know if you see any discrepancies.
give me a call soon to  dicuss how	good to hear.. met john galperin today.	met john galperin today.	give me a call soon to dicuss how to most effectively use the line.
Please coordinate a meeting next week between Don Hawkins, myself and Rod Hayslett for Don   I to discuss a proposal for NNG Measurement with Rod.			Please coordinate a meeting next week between Don Hawkins, myself and Rod Hayslett for Don I to discuss a proposal for NNG Measurement with Rod.
Please bring your Lexis-Nexis login ID and password.	eSource presents Lexis-Nexis training. ADVANCED. This session will cover advanced searching tips.. It will also cover using Smart Indexing to narrow your search results.. Find out how to customize your desktop for easier searching.. Attend our Lexis-Nexis Advanced Clinic: May.. PUBLIC RECORDS. Lexis-Nexis is the premier provider of public record information.. We will learn about materials available to you including Secretary of State Filings and DBA s, UCC filings, Bankruptcies, and Property Records.. If you are doing due diligence on companies, especially smaller ones, this is a session you will want to attend.. Attend our Lexis-Nexis Public Records Clinic:. May.. Seats fill up fast!	Seats fill up fast!	To reserve a seat, please call Stephanie E. Taylor at 5-7928 Cost 25.00 Per Person No Shows will be charged 50.00 Please bring your Lexis-Nexis login ID and password.
Could you please send the service agreement into Koch for the Ormet			Could you please send the service agreement into Koch for the Ormet transaction.
Please telephone Steve Borgman or me.	Mark -- do you know anything about this?. Travis McCullough Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street EB 3817 Houston Texas 77002 Phone: PHONE Fax: PHONE . Hi Travis,. I work with Steve Borgman, and we met at your offices in a meeting with Dave Forster concerning Enron Online.. In studying the material we received from Dave, we noticed that a company called Agency.com delivered a project overview for Enron Online in about June, 1999.. Please confirm: 1 Agency.com assigned any rights they may have to Enron Corp; 2 there were no non-confidential disclosures outside of Enron or any discussions with any potential customers or trading partners before the release of brochures in October, 1999; and 3 any confidential disclosures are covered by a written confidentiality agreement.. The Agency.com paper states that after the test phase, the system would be released to a select set of internal and external users for three weeks to ensure the system worked properly.. What is the earliest these external users may have been contacted?. Would traders have known about Enron Online last summer, and could a trader have discussed its concepts with someone outside Enron?. As you know, we have one year in the U.S.A. to file a patent application after public use, public disclosure, or offer to sell.. Is there any possibility that a disclosure of the concept for Enron Online could have been disclosed nearly one year ago?	Is there any possibility that a disclosure of the concept for Enron Online could have been disclosed nearly one year ago?	Please telephone Steve Borgman or me.
If you get this, drop what you are doing and give me a call at the office.			If you get this, drop what you are doing and give me a call at the office.
Could you send me a copy of the contract we are assigning and a copy of the assignment in interest letter.	Stacy, Susan called and asked that I prepare an assignment letter.. I will do so.	I will do so.	Could you send me a copy of the contract we are assigning and a copy of the assignment in interest letter.
Please review these and be prepared to discuss Wednesday Morning.	All, Below are the change controls that I have received for Wednesday s call.	All, Below are the change controls that I have received for Wednesday s call.	Please review these and be prepared to discuss Wednesday Morning.
Please send me your current addresses.	Susan and Bate,	Susan and Bate,	Please send me your current addresses.
Call me to discuss.	Please give this a look and take a first stab at it.. Thanks,. Kay. Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 01/31/2001 07:45 PM. Kay:. I have been talking with a developer at Constellation Power in Baltimore regarding their interest in our development entities in several eastern U.S. regions.. He indicated that their interest in Illinois is low, but that they have a higher degree of interest in our development projects in the following areas: Missouri Georgia TVA region Louisiana. Please prepare a draft CA that I can forward to Constellation for their review.. It should encompass the above 4 regions.. The CA should also include the following:. Unilateral language Constellation keeps ENA information confidential - ENA not obligated to do the same for Constellation information No non-compete language Texas law governs let s start with this - and I ll default to New York law if Constellation balks at Texas 2 year term Counterparty: Constellation Power Contact: Mr. Todd Jaffe	Unilateral language Constellation keeps ENA information confidential - ENA not obligated to do the same for Constellation information No non-compete language Texas law governs let s start with this - and I ll default to New York law if Constellation balks at Texas 2 year term Counterparty: Constellation Power Contact: Mr. Todd Jaffe	Call me to discuss.
Please review and give me your comments.			Please review and give me your comments.
Hey, check out the Florida surf yesterday.			Hey, check out the Florida surf yesterday.
Should you both go?	Lindy, would you like for me to send Michelle to this meeting?	Lindy, would you like for me to send Michelle to this meeting?	Should you both go?
Please send out an email to let everyone know.	Sally, The Global Risk Ops Intranet site is in production and can be found at http://gro.corp.enron.com.	Sally, The Global Risk Ops Intranet site is in production and can be found at http://gro.corp.enron.com.	Please send out an email to let everyone know.
Enron buys Cal 02 Palo Verde at  140.00   Check the mw on this deal please	BLOOMBERG Matt Motley 559091 - sells to Idaho, 50 mw, April, Mid-C, 358. Tom Alonso 559010 - price is changed to 160 He is still entering last two deals.. AMEREX Mike Swerzbin 559062 - buys AEP, 25 mw, Cal-02, PV, 140 And Tom said he didn t have anything to do with this deal - Mike said MW were correct.. Thanks, kate. BLOOMBERG. Tom Alonso I am missing the following deals:. 1 Enron sells to Tractebal 25mw Palo Verde for 3/26 peak hrs at 260.00 2 Enron sells to Pacificorp 25 mw Palo Verde for 3/26 peak hrs at 260.00. Mike Swerzbin I am missing the following deal:. 1 Enron sells to Idaho Power 50 mw April Mid-C peak hrs at 358.00. Jeff Richter deal 559010 Bloomberg shows 160 as price......enpower has 165.00. PREBON All were o.k.. AMEREX	AMEREX	Tom Alonso/Matt Motley someone who traded on the LT PV Desk today I am missing the following deal: Enron buys Cal 02 Palo Verde at 140.00 Check the mw on this deal please with Tom!!
Please call your ICE representative with any questions.	Hourly Power Launched on ICE Tomorrow!. !. As a reminder, IntercontinentalExchange will be launching Hourly Power tomo rrow for all hubs currently traded in the West as well as PJM in the East.. All commissions for Hourly transactions will be waived for one month.. Eff ective December 1, traders will pay a flat fee of 4.00 per side for each t rade.	Eff ective December 1, traders will pay a flat fee of 4.00 per side for each t rade.	Please call your ICE representative with any questions.
Please fill in the following information and email  or fax 713-345-8100  to			Please fill in the following information and email or fax PHONE to me as soon as possible.
please email me if you d like to contribute and bring a check made payable to	Is this some scam foundation that you have set up so that you can retire early.... I know how these things work, I ve been around the block.. Seriously though, I will be happy to contribute.. -Eric. Hi everyone,. I will be walking to cure diabetes on November 5th, and was hoping each of you could donate on my behalf.. As is written below, 84 of all donations to JDF go directly to diabetes research.. Wouldn t you feel good about giving to such an efficient organization and honorable cause?. I m sure you all need a tax write-off too, right?. : You can use a copy of your canceled check for tax purposes.. Also, if you donate 25 or more, you will get an Enron JDF T-shirt.. Of course, donations of any amount will be greatly appreciated.. Feel free to forward this message to others who might be interested in donating, as well.	Feel free to forward this message to others who might be interested in donating, as well.	I will be making the rounds next week to get a head start on collecting, so please email me if you d like to contribute and bring a check made payable to Juvenile Diabetes Foundation.
the questions, you don t think that they apply to you, please call me at	NOTICE OF ROOM CHANGE AND LIST OF QUESTIONS. The meeting will now be in EB3335.. The start time is still 1:30 pm.. It should be over by 4:00 pm.. You have been invited to attend this meeting because you posses certain knowledge about the peakers.. Below are the questions that DUKE has dropped on us.. Please take a stab at your relevant questions.. I assume everyone on this email needs to be at the meeting.	I assume everyone on this email needs to be at the meeting.	If after reading the questions, you don t think that they apply to you, please call me at 3-0492.
Please review the following information regarding your tickets for the 2001-2002 Houston Broadway Series.	Your order has been processed by our staff.. 245.58 has been charged to your credit card.. Your account number is 27-29727.. Seat and Rows Information: Cats Sunday December 30,2001 2:00pm Orchestra row H, seats 15-20	Seat and Rows Information: Cats Sunday December 30,2001 2:00pm Orchestra row H, seats 15-20	Please review the following information regarding your tickets for the PHONE Houston Broadway Series.
Tony, pls rpint and send 12 copies up to 50 asap			Tony, pls rpint and send 12 copies up to 50 asap Thanks!
Could you call me today before 11.30p.m	Helyette,. I have just called you at home.. I shall try the office as well.. Here are my numbers, just in case:. Phone: PHONE o PHONE h PHONE cell private PHONE cell office. Fax : PHONE . Vince. This is great news for me and even more so for ICBI or the other way around.. .	This is great news for me and even more so for ICBI or the other way around.. .	Could you call me today before 11.30p.m Paris time or to-morrow between 3 and 5.30 p.m Paris time?I think I do not have the right numbers for you any more Helyette
CJ - Could you please handle fhis for Tana?			CJ - Could you please handle fhis for Tana?
Please confirm the	Let me amend Fred s response to Question 1:. The Lincoln facility does not have an operating permit from Illinois EPA.. Condition 10a of the construction permit allows operation of the facility up to the end of emission testing and Condition 10b allows continued operation after emission testing has been completed.. Also note that Condition 10c of the construction permit states that these conditions supercede Standard Condition 6, which requires the applicant to apply for a State operating permit.. In other words, the Lincoln facility does not need to hold a separate operating permit from the Illinois EPA.. Ben:. Here are my answers to the Allegheny Questions below.	Here are my answers to the Allegheny Questions below.	Please confirm the details with Dave Kellermeyer where necessary.
Would you send me the contract file for Tristar Gas Marketing Co.   96007722.			Would you send me the contract file for Tristar Gas Marketing Co PHONE 2.
could you please call me at 415.782.7822.  thanks.	Apologies, if I had your phone number, I d have called you.. I m tied up for the next hour or so.. If you give me your number, I can call you.. Best, Jeff. Jeff: I received your message but have been jammed up on a long call.. I will try to get you in about an hour if that is ok.. Thanks John. This e-mail, including attachments, contains information that is confidential and it may be protected by the attorney/client or other privileges.. This e-mail, including attachments, constitutes non-public information intended to be conveyed only to the designated recipient s .. If you are not an intended recipient, please delete this e-mail, including attachments and notify me by return mail, e-mail or by phone at PHONE .. The unauthorized use, dissemination, distribution or reproduction of the e-mail, including attachments, is prohibited and may be unlawful.. John Klauberg LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene MacRae, L.L.P PHONE jklauber llgm.com. Jeff.Dasovich enron.com 03/13/01 01:56PM greetings.	Jeff.Dasovich enron.com 03/13/01 01:56PM greetings.	could you please call me at PHONE . thanks.
Please respond to Parker.Drew msdw.com	Forwarded by John Arnold/HOU/ECT on 02/06/2001 10:44 AM	Forwarded by John Arnold/HOU/ECT on 02/06/2001 10:44 AM	Parker Drew Parker.Drew msdw.com on 02/06/2001 09:58:41 AM Please respond to Parker.Drew msdw.com To: john.arnold enron.com, Kenneth E Girdy Kenneth.Girdy msdw.com cc: Subject: swaps
Please review and lets discuss Monday  I am off tomorrow .			Please review and lets discuss Monday I am off tomorrow .
Joanie, please call Jeff Porter at 703-561-6447.	Hey gang.. Joanie is still working on current day activity.	Joanie is still working on current day activity.	Joanie, please call Jeff Porter at PHONE .
Please check with your counterparty at Reliant for the full name of the			Paul, Please check with your counterparty at Reliant for the full name of the Reliant Energy entity.
If they are OK, pls post it and email the	Thanks Brian.. I d delete , oil and gas pipeline and replace it with utility at the end of line 3 to make it a bit broader.. Also, I ve run this by Lou and Dot for their input.	Also, I ve run this by Lou and Dot for their input.	If they are OK, pls post it and email the final back to me.
Please create a spot ticket for gas that commence flowing on 1/14/00 at 8:30	Tom,	Tom,	Please create a spot ticket for gas that commence flowing on 1/14/00 at 8:30 am.
Please, send the model for review to Zimin Lu.	Trena,. I have received your message.	I have received your message.	Please, send the model for review to Zimin Lu.
Seating is limited, so please reserve	Back by Popular Demand.... Due to an overwhelming response from the Enron Federal Credit Union sponsored Financial Planning Workshop in February, we are pleased to announce that a second workshop has been scheduled:. Wednesday, June 28 5:00 p.m. - 6:00 p.m. Enron Building, Room 5C2 Cookies and beverages will be served.. Each workshop attendee will receive a personal financial management binder that offers detailed information about Risk Management, Cash Management, Investment Planning, Tax Planning, Retirement Planning, and Estate Planning.. Plus, each attendee will have the opportunity to take advantage of a free financial planning consultation.. Roy Varner, Jr., of Horner, Townsend and Kent, a Penn Mutual Company, will lead this informative workshop.. Mr. Varner has been in the Securities Industry for 9 years, and is a Manager at Penn Mutual.. He holds a Bachelor of Arts in Psychology from the University of Texas-Austin, and has a Series 7 General Securities License.. Family members are welcome to attend.	Family members are welcome to attend.	Seating is limited, so please reserve your seat today via E-mail to amanda.quiller enron.com.
Please revise the signature pages for	Evidently we are experiencing some technical difficulty on this end.. The task should be finished shortly.. Kay - As mentioned in my voice mail.	Kay - As mentioned in my voice mail.	Please revise the signature pages for E-Next Generation as follows and e-mail back to me.
Please talk to Sam.	Will focus later today.. How are we handling ABN Amro?. I want to have executed.. Were you going to revise the notice page and add the location on the trading floor in the other agreement ?. .	.	Please talk to Sam.
Please have someone contact me at 425-503-4339  cell telephone  or at the			Please have someone contact me at PHONE cell telephone or at the address on the web site underlined below if Enron has an interest in the U.S. and internationally patented Angle Master.
Please remove her from all	Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.	Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.	Please remove her from all 20 your mail lists.
Can you ensure that the proper payment and banking provisions are in place to	Eric, 30 days following the execution of all three counterparties on the transportation assignment, we are required to pay 1.55 MM US.. to Cinergy.	to Cinergy.	Can you ensure that the proper payment and banking provisions are in place to ensure that this happens.
Please remove her from all	Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.	Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.	Please remove her from all your mail lists.
Please rsvp to me by tomorrow if you will be attending the party on Saturday.	Hi everyone.	Hi everyone.	Please rsvp to me by tomorrow if you will be attending the party on Saturday.
Please bring your Dow Jones Interactive login ID and password.			To reserve a seat, please call Stephanie E. Taylor at 5-7928 Please bring your Dow Jones Interactive login ID and password.
Please remove Jeff Sorenson from your distribution lists for the	Jeff hasn t left the group, has he?. To all,	To all,	Please remove Jeff Sorenson from your distribution lists for the Confirmations group.
Please review the New Deals and Originations requests as this	Errol -. Have you completed this request and also have you talked to that guy in London yet about the options book?. Errol,. Per my phone message, please find below the e-mail previously sent on April 14th.	Per my phone message, please find below the e-mail previously sent on April 14th.	Please review the New Deals and Originations requests as this information is currently an extreme priority to us to complete our quarterly gas testing.
Paul,  Please work with the schedulers to ensure that we have done everything with this that is required.			Paul, Please work with the schedulers to ensure that we have done everything with this that is required.
Can you look at the email below and let me know if it is something you can help me with?	Kam,. I am not sure if Anne Bike is still with Enron, but this email could not be delivered to her.	I am not sure if Anne Bike is still with Enron, but this email could not be delivered to her.	Can you look at the email below and let me know if it is something you can help me with?
distribution and let you close out the account.	Hey, we all can use a little money.. Life doesn t seem to get any cheaper.. Honey, I think we discussed C T Systems doing the filing.. Do you recall how much it was?. If not, I can see what I can find out.. Which is more strange: Joe in Central America or Jack in Egypt?. Clark in Chicago?. Kay at Enron?. Gerry BUYING an engineering company?. Honey STILL at Technip?. Sounds like a great time for a reunion.. Kay. Hello ladies.. I have the signed original all parnters have signed of the going out of business documents for Anglers.. What is next?. Honey, Kay seems to think there is one more form of some kind, plus a filing fee.. What do you know about those items?	What do you know about those items?	I m ready to make a final distribution and let you close out the account.
Please provide me a list of deal numbers that need to be changed.			Please provide me a list of deal numbers that need to be changed.
Please call me at  713  853 - 5775 if this would be a problem.	Hi!. Rod Banks at Mariner Energy, Inc. requested I send you a note to confirm that for the month of January, 2001, Enron did not purchase any of Mariner s interest in Garden Banks 236.. Enron did have a nomination in place for 1MMBtu/d and was allocated 42MMBtu.. This nomination was an error.. Enron and Mariner would like to have this reallocated to Mariner s current purchaser.	Enron and Mariner would like to have this reallocated to Mariner s current purchaser.	Please call me at PHONE if this would be a problem.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Grace Corbin 7506 Teasdale Ave. St. Louis, MO 63130 grace.corbin christnerinc.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please have a look and let me know how you think	Dave, I will be glad to generate the form of Transaction Agreement; however, I have a number of questions.. 1.. Relationship of Delivery Point and the use of Interruptible Transport on Northwest Pipeline.. Is the transport upstream or downstream of the delivery point?. If downstream, why isn t it being contracted for by EWEB.. 2.. What volume is being sold each day.. You use the term DCQ and you also talk about a 20 tolerance above or below the estimated quantity.. Normally their would be no tolerance with a DCQ transaction.. 3.. Is this envisioned to be a requirements transaction.. Is the price the same for volumes in excess of the estimated quantity up to an additional 20 .. Is no penalty to apply if the actual volumes are 0 to 20 less than the estimated quantity?. What if they take more than 20 in excess without making any arrangements for incremental gas.. What price is to be used for such non scheduled excess volumes?. Please call me regarding the foregoing so that I can start to work on the transaction agreement.. Dan,. The attached term sheet describes a gas sale we are proposing to the Eugene Water and Electric Board.	The attached term sheet describes a gas sale we are proposing to the Eugene Water and Electric Board.	Please have a look and let me know how you think the actual confirm should look.
Please run by Morgan.	Here are the updated basis curves premium/discount to the Palo Verde curve provided by Matt Motley, our term trader.. MEAD ON PEAK ONLY : Balance of Month BOM 1.00 premium Q2 02 3.33 premium. FOUR CORNERS ON PEAK : Balance of Month BOM 0.00 Q1 02 1.25 premium Q3 02 4.83 premium. FOUR CORNERS OFF PEAK : Balance of Month BOM 1.00 discount Q1 02 0.63 premium	FOUR CORNERS OFF PEAK : Balance of Month BOM 1.00 discount Q1 02 0.63 premium	Please run by Morgan.
Please, ask him to make the arrangements.	Tanya,	Tanya,	Please, ask him to make the arrangements.
4.  Please make sure that all real-time deals or real-time extended deals are			-Origin: GUZMAN-M X-FileName: mark guzman 6-28-02.nsf
please reconfirm the delivery point with Sean.	Sean has COB in his trade log.. He originally had Mid-C, then crossed it out.. Sounds like Amerex just hasn t updated their website with the change.. Amerex West	Amerex West	deal 576348 Sean Crandall Amerex confirmed deal as COB however, their web checkout has Mid-C. Can you please reconfirm the delivery point with Sean.
Please cc Maureen McVicker .	Jeff/Michael,. In preparation of Ken Lay s tour through California next week, Steve Kean would like to meet with the two of you in Houston on Tuesday morning.. Steve s morning is wide open, so please give me a time one hour that works with your schedules.	Steve s morning is wide open, so please give me a time one hour that works with your schedules.	Please cc Maureen McVicker .
Please respond to  Novell NetWare Help   NWReplies bellevue.com			NW on Novell NetWare NovellNetWare bdcimail.com on 03/15/2000 08:55:09 AM Please respond to Novell NetWare Help NWReplies bellevue.com To: vkamins enron.com cc: 20 Subject: Btrieve free ride ends
Please set up the agreement for	Jason:. I have reviewed the CA and only have one comment.. I would like to add a paragragh 10 as follows: This Agreement shall terminate on the date one year from the date of this Agreement.. Enron Net Works LLC will be the party to the agreement.. The address is 1400 Smith Street, Houston Texas 77002.	The address is 1400 Smith Street, Houston Texas 77002.	Please set up the agreement for signature by Louise Kitchen as Managing Director.
Please plan to attend a meeting to discuss Producer Services...			Please plan to attend a meeting to discuss Producer Services...
Could you please send me the title and a 50-word abstract of your	Vince,	Vince,	Could you please send me the title and a 50-word abstract of your presentation by the end of today?
Once signed, please forward both to Angie	Dan,. Can we please get an executed copy for out files in Credit.. Thanks Russell. Dan:. Could you print two of the attachment, get Phillip Allen to sign them and forward onto SoCalGas?. You can put my initials on the document.. I will leave Phillip a voice mail.	I will leave Phillip a voice mail.	Once signed, please forward both to Angie Ishikawa.
Could one of you send out a notice concerning the following and update lotus			Susan and Susan: Could one of you send out a notice concerning the following and update lotus notes:
hey, send me that easter picture again			hey, send me that easter picture again
Please review and make any comments	George,. Attached for your review and commentary is a copy of a first draft of a presentation that i am creating on EGM.. This is for an upcoming analyst presentation and for our ongoing use.	This is for an upcoming analyst presentation and for our ongoing use.	Please review and make any comments you feel are needed.
Please, take a look at this candidate.	Larry,	Larry,	Please, take a look at this candidate.
Please prepare a draft ISDA for the following Mexican counterparty.			Please prepare a draft ISDA for the following Mexican counterparty.
Please arrange a meeting between ENA and EES asap.			Please arrange a meeting between ENA and EES asap.
Please include changes below.			Please include changes below.
Have your contact call me to discuss the GISB when ready.	Here is the sample.. Email this to your customer to review.. They need to see our special provisions on the last page of the GISB.	They need to see our special provisions on the last page of the GISB.	Have your contact call me to discuss the GISB when ready.
Please make sure that the  44 is accounted for under ST-WBOM in the Volume Management flash.	Kate, Good morning, hope you had a good weekend.. I have run the SAR for Friday s West-BOM piece.. The SAR and INC sheet are matching if the 42 mw purchase from the imbalance at 44 is factored in--Remember, we were cut for HE 10 when Palo Verde 2 went down, this is a RT cut and is not in CAPS.	The SAR and INC sheet are matching if the 42 mw purchase from the imbalance at 44 is factored in--Remember, we were cut for HE 10 when Palo Verde 2 went down, this is a RT cut and is not in CAPS.	Please make sure that the 44 is accounted for under ST-WBOM in the Volume Management flash.
Please send a credit worksheet for this company.			Please send a credit worksheet for this company.
Please add me to this list.			Please add me to this list.
I need your help in answering the following questions:			Brant: I need your help in answering the following questions:
until January 26, 2001 so please phone me at  818  888-4444 ext. 20 or email			Vasant,
Rosalee - would you please forward this request to Ken.			Rosalee - would you please forward this request to Ken.
Mark,  Please reviewed the attached letter.			Mark, Please reviewed the attached letter.
Can you have Mike double check the volume for the Sierra Pacific deal.			Can you have Mike double check the volume for the Sierra Pacific deal.
Can you please provide the indexes that need to be mapped in tagg for them to bridge correctly  i.e. the spot and firm reference			-Origin: MCLAUGHLIN-E X-FileName: erol mclaughlin 6-26-02.PST
Rosie--can you confirm everything with Silvia?	Ken::. Attached is the draft agenda and participant list for Davos.. Our Europe government affairs group felt that it would be best if you spoke on energy liberalization and globalization with gas and electricity rather than one of the other topics since it has more direct implications for our profit centers.. If you would rather switch to another panel after you look at the agenda, please do so and let me know.	If you would rather switch to another panel after you look at the agenda, please do so and let me know.	Rosie--can you confirm everything with Silvia?
Twanda, would you please make this change to all forms?			Twanda, would you please make this change to all forms?
Could you forward me what you received from Clement regarding the corporate	This is a very rough draft based on an agreement done previously with a jv company.. I m sending it for Enron review only, since I haven t even read the entire thing yet.. I thought you might want to take a look at it to see what you think, and to consider the scope of the services to be provided.. As for legal services, one alternative would be to have the services provided by an outside law firm, not associated with either principal.	As for legal services, one alternative would be to have the services provided by an outside law firm, not associated with either principal.	Could you forward me what you received from Clement regarding the corporate guaranty issue?
please save these in Stacy s directory.	the contract form for these customers is attached and can be found in Stacy Dickson s directory under Appk s you only need to insert the company name on the front, signature, and info pages for each one.	the contract form for these customers is attached and can be found in Stacy Dickson s directory under Appk s you only need to insert the company name on the front, signature, and info pages for each one.	please save these in Stacy s directory.
part plan: investigate price gouging, ask PUC to set up two-year plan to cut	Attached are more articles that speak of the current California power crisis.. Mercury News Article primarily dealing with Governor Davis view on the situation and what he is doing to help solve the issue.	Mercury News Article primarily dealing with Governor Davis view on the situation and what he is doing to help solve the issue.	Davis has a three part plan: investigate price gouging, ask PUC to set up two-year plan to cut rates in half and asked for voluntary conservation.
Look through this 3 page document, and let me know what you think, please.	Vince, sorry, the files from that directory get deleted periodically.. I attached this file here.. Rabi did some analysis related to implementation of correlated non-normally RTDM-distributed variables.. Let s discuss later?. Tanya.. Tanya,. I could not locate the file.. Vince. Everybody, we were talking for a while about using non-normal distributions in the Monte-Carlo simulations in our VAR model.. I put together some suggestion regarding this.. The text is under O: Dropbox Tanya non normal logs.doc	The text is under O: Dropbox Tanya non normal logs.doc	Look through this 3 page document, and let me know what you think, please.
publications are available, please reply to this message with	Dear Mike,. This e-mail is automated notification of the availability of your current Natural Gas Intelligence Newsletter s .. Please use your username of mgrigsby and your password to access. NGI s Daily Gas Price Index. NGI s Weekly Gas Price Index. Natural Gas Intelligence, the Weekly Newsletter. http://intelligencepress.com/subscribers/index.html. If you have forgotten your password please visit http://intelligencepress.com/password.html and we will send it to you.	If you have forgotten your password please visit http://intelligencepress.com/password.html and we will send it to you.	If you would like to stop receiving e-mail notifications when your publications are available, please reply to this message with REMOVE E-MAIL in the subject line.
Please take that into consideration.	Mother,. I had offered to come and be there during your surgery.. Both you and Dad replied that it was not necessary because the surgery was not that serious and there was no timeframe on its completion.. You know that I love you and Dad very much, and that I do not have a favorite parent if that was your implication with your last comment .. If you are unhappy with Jason s actions that is fine, but you have to remember that my brother and I are different people.. You cannot neccessarily associate his actions with mine.	You cannot neccessarily associate his actions with mine.	Please take that into consideration.
Please call me at your convenience to discuss  713 345 7566 .	Hi Cle,. We need a revolving loan agreement between Midwest now enovate and Enron.	We need a revolving loan agreement between Midwest now enovate and Enron.	Please call me at your convenience to discuss PHONE .
morning Sydney time so I would appreciate it if you could send me the	Justin,. I approved Powercor to trade before I left last night.. By copy of this email to our online team here, I will be notifying them of your concern that this counterparty is opened to trade when you arrive at work today in Australia.. Tana,. Thanks for waiting around this morning for David Minns.. I m not sure if you got to hear his message before you left however Powercor should now be good to go.	I m not sure if you got to hear his message before you left however Powercor should now be good to go.	I would really like to have them set up and trading by tomorrow morning Sydney time so I would appreciate it if you could send me the spreadsheet first chance you get.
Could you forward a copy of the General Terms and Conditions to Monica	Dan,. Today, I entered into some conversations with the City of Palo Alto regarding fixing forward gas prices for them.. They have a copy of a Master agreement and a copy of an ISDA which are currently in their legal department.. They have requested a copy of the GTC language which would allow us to transact in the immediate future, although I am still pushing for a Master.. They currently have a Power Master in place with EPMI.	They currently have a Power Master in place with EPMI.	Could you forward a copy of the General Terms and Conditions to Monica Padilla with the City of Palo Alto at Monica Padilla city.palo-alto.ca.us first thing in the morning?
Would you please contact Michael Maddox of CERA and forward my resume to him?	Dear Vince,. I am so grateful for your efforts.. I really appreciate you taking time from your busy schedule.. If you have not contacted Michael Maddox, it s even better.. I have updated and re-worded my resume to better reflect my accomplishments.	I have updated and re-worded my resume to better reflect my accomplishments.	Would you please contact Michael Maddox of CERA and forward my resume to him?
Can you help us determine exactly which counterparty is conducting online	Back Office does not match Global Counterparty database EOL Back office lists an active counterparty:. CP ID 294 Jefferson Smurfit Corporation. However, the Global Counterparty database lists, for the same CP ID:. CP ID 294 SMURFIT CARTON Y PAPEL DE MEXICO, S.A. DE C.V.. Does back office have an incorrect CP ID or CP name for this counterparty?. New Master Financial Contract Received Global received a new master financial contract with Jefferson Smurfit Corp. U.S. .. The Global Counterparty database lists 2 separate counterparties:. CP ID 121 Jefferson Smurfit Corporation U.S. CP ID 294 Jefferson Smurfit Corporation	CP ID 121 Jefferson Smurfit Corporation U.S. CP ID 294 Jefferson Smurfit Corporation	Can you help us determine exactly which counterparty is conducting online trading ?
Please e-mail me with all videoconference requests no later	Linda-- see if Barrett Reasoner knows of a video conference in Houston.. Wondering if we should book a video conference here at Enron??. or have we already?. In the past couple of days, I have been deluged with last-minute requests to videoconference into the March 17 hearing on the motions to dismiss.. We are well past the deadlines Sprint asked us to comply with February 25 for private sites and March 1 for public sites .. At this stage, adding new sites to such a large, nationwide videoconference is extraordinarily burdensome, requiring Sprint to move the entire conference to a different bridging system, change the dial-in numbers, etc.. Also of importance is the fact that the bridging system has space limitations.	Also of importance is the fact that the bridging system has space limitations.	Please e-mail me with all videoconference requests no later than 12 p.m. Mountain tomorrow Friday, March 10 .
Please process.	Approved.	Approved.	Please process.
To reply to our email administrator directly, please send an	Attached is the draft Developers Agreement for Pompano and Deerfield along with a draft letter to Larry Deetjen.. I am in the process of redlining the Zisman draft against the newest version which I will forward momentarily.. The information contained in this transmission may contain privileged and confidential information.. It is intended only for the use of the person s named above.. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any review, dissemination, distribution or duplication of this communication is strictly prohibited.. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply email and destroy all copies of the original message.	If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply email and destroy all copies of the original message.	To reply to our email administrator directly, please send an email to postmaster gtlaw.com.
In light of the increased investor awareness, please review the attached 20	I do not see the link to Statistical Database .. Do I need to request acce ss?. The database for December 4Q99 s wholesale volumes is now ready for 20 viewing.. Just as a reminder, this is the shortcut on your desktop called 20 Statistical Database .. If you experience any difficulties, please contact 20 me.. 20. With increased investor focus on our Wholesale Operations, Investor Relatio ns 20 has requested that they be provided with monthly volumetric analysis for 20 Wholesale Operations in addition to the quarterly analysis being currently 20 provided.. As part of the request, Business Analysis Reporting has been 20 asked to provide comparisons with explanations to prior year 01,s monthly a nd 20 quarterly volumes.	As part of the request, Business Analysis Reporting has been 20 asked to provide comparisons with explanations to prior year 01,s monthly a nd 20 quarterly volumes.	In light of the increased investor awareness, please review the attached 20 analysis for December 4Q1999 and provide explanations for all material 20 changes /- 10 .
Please change the subregion code for all ANR ML5 deals from Market to	Imelda,	Imelda,	Please change the subregion code for all ANR ML5 deals from Market to Midcon.
Can you leave the check at the security desk downstairs at the Enron Bldg?	Thank you very much, Jeff.. I will have all the money in November for you.	I will have all the money in November for you.	Can you leave the check at the security desk downstairs at the Enron Bldg?
Could you send me a copy of the	I am fine with the Chamber of Commerce arbitration, especially in light of the small amount of potential exposure.	I am fine with the Chamber of Commerce arbitration, especially in light of the small amount of potential exposure.	Could you send me a copy of the opinion from our local counsel.
Please also make	Please access the following MS Word file and update the list for any individuals whom you want to receive a Xmas card from TW.	Please access the following MS Word file and update the list for any individuals whom you want to receive a Xmas card from TW.	Please also make any necessary changes / deletions for those people whose company names have changed or who have left the company.
termination request  please confirm with Mark .	Mark: I would like to talk to you about this.. carol. I don t like specifying a time period for termination.. I remember we had a lengthy discussion on this with Mark Taylor.	I remember we had a lengthy discussion on this with Mark Taylor.	I seem to recall that the solution was that we would employ resonable efforts to process the termination request please confirm with Mark .
Please email your lunch choice to me by Monday, December 4, 2000.	Anita,. My standard sandwich.. Tuna, mayo, tomato, swiss, lettuce on whole wheat.. OJuice. Thanks.. Vince. Forwarded by Anita DuPont/NA/Enron on 12/04/2000 11:44 AM. Box lunches will be served.. Your choices are listed below:. Salads: Roasted Chicken Cobb Salad, Grilled Chicken Caesar Salad, Classic Chef Salad. Sandwiches: Turkey, Roast Beef, Ham, Chicken Salad, Tuna Salad or Club Sandwich.. Served on homemade white or wheat bread	Served on homemade white or wheat bread	Please email your lunch choice to me by Monday, December 4, 2000.
In advance of my visit next week, could you please prepare a list of priority			In advance of my visit next week, could you please prepare a list of priority activities currently underway in your goup domestic and international with some sense of the level of resources being committed to each of those activities internal and external resources ?
Can you guys coordinate to make sure someone listens to this conference call			Can you guys coordinate to make sure someone listens to this conference call each week.
Please review at your earliest	Patty,. Attached is Westinghouse s proposed draft of the letter contemplated in Sections 3/4 of the Settlement Letter.	Attached is Westinghouse s proposed draft of the letter contemplated in Sections 3/4 of the Settlement Letter.	Please review at your earliest possible convenience and let me know if it is in acceptable form.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Patricia Lynch 18 St. Ann Place Rochelle Park, NJ 07662 pat sfa-law.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Could you please answer Mark s question?			Mark: Could you please answer Mark s question?
Robert, can you take it from here to get it pathed  or corrected  ?	I created deal 225281 for Leonard Hall for the Nov99 gas in February.. The meters are not in Global Facilities, so I set it up on the general IMB-508674 point for now.	The meters are not in Global Facilities, so I set it up on the general IMB-508674 point for now.	Robert, can you take it from here to get it pathed or corrected ?
Please reply to this email with your approval  or disapproval  of their	Frank - I m forwarding the email I received from Enserco regarding the penalty for our failure to take the full volume on days 1 and 18 on deal 423705.. As I explained to Suzanne, I would not have paid this had they invoiced me for it but Enserco is a Netout customer and we were in a net receivable position this month so they deducted this amount out of what they paid me.. As the penalty seems to be legitimate, can I get you to set up a new deal in Sitara to offset the receivable?. If you agree with their calculations, can you set up a positive Demand charge of 2,405.03 with Enron as the Purchaser and Enserco as the Seller?	If you agree with their calculations, can you set up a positive Demand charge of 2,405.03 with Enron as the Purchaser and Enserco as the Seller?	Please reply to this email with your approval or disapproval of their calculation and let me know when you have the demand charge set up or not .
Please update my calender.	Am I signed up for the last two days of the Electricity class through the University of Texas?. Please put it on my calander.. Also there are several matters not on my calender--lunch w/ Skip Mcbride.	Also there are several matters not on my calender--lunch w/ Skip Mcbride.	Please update my calender.
Please review and	Attached is the organizational announcement with changes.	Attached is the organizational announcement with changes.	Please review and respond.
Please forward this email to others that may need to see it.	Hey!. Forwarded by Chris Germany/HOU/ECT on 03/08/2000 06:04 PM. CES has a synthetic storage deal with Equitable Gas Company on Texas Eastern.. CES gave Equitable 100,000 dth in April 1999 and Equitable is giving CES the gas back in January 2000 in Tetco M2.. According to my new best buddy Fred at Equitable, CES will pay Equitable .65 /dth after the January transaction is complete.. Here are my questions/comments;. 1.. David - please look at the new deal I created for this exchange deal 146788 .. The existing deal deal 138741 is set up as a pipeline exchange.. I believe the counterparty should be Equitable Gas Company which is the LDC.. If it looks OK to you, I will kill the old deal and add the volumes to the new deal.. Please let me know ASAP.. 2.. Linda/David - do we have CES s contract with Equitable?. I would like to see a what CES was paying Equitable for this deal and b when the payment was due.. 3.. David/Stephanie - if the deal is structured the way Fred described it above, where do we put the .65 fee at?. 4.. Linda - Fred has not received any assignment notices regarding CES deals.. He doesn t know if he should bill CES or Enron North America.. Who should he talk to about that?. ?	?	Please forward this email to others that may need to see it.
you please create new EOL IDs for them on their new desks as follows:	Stephanie,. We have some East Power traders changing desks effective Monday, May 21.	We have some East Power traders changing desks effective Monday, May 21.	Can you please create new EOL IDs for them on their new desks as follows:
please forward to anyone else.			please forward to anyone else.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Robert Boller 1317 Micheltorena Los Angeles, CA 90026 BOLLLES AOL.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please send to me your special item by the end of July!	Who is Tabitha Croke?. Does she know what she s getting herself into by asking us for memories for some little book?. How do you put a fourty and a big RUN DMC gold necklace into a book?. are you guys going to send something special?. how about some stripper s panties from the bachelor party?. any news on caymen rooms?. Hello Everyone!!!. As a special surprise for our dear Jen and Max, please send something for their memory book.. A photo, a special collage, a tale, or words of wisdom to live by, a fantastic recipe for a special girl and a guy.. You make the page and send it to me, or send me the special ingredients and I will make it for you!	You make the page and send it to me, or send me the special ingredients and I will make it for you!	Please send to me your special item by the end of July!
Please also confirm this at your	Vince: A minor revision of my earlier email shown below.. The last line should read I will be waiting in my office from 6:30-6:50 for your call ... My office phone is PHONE .. Sorry that I have to resend this email.. Ed. Forwarded message. Dear Vince:. I would like to send out an annoucement about your talk in my Risk Management in the Energy Sector course on February 7, Monday.. Is it correct that the name of your talk will be Commodity Trading in the Energy Sector .. You indicated that you would be using transparencies so we have a projector ready for you.. Please let me know if there is anything else you need for the talk.	Please let me know if there is anything else you need for the talk.	Please also confirm this at your earliest convenience so that I can get announcement sent out soon.
give me a call.	Rebecca.. attached you will find the presentation for the HPL deal.. Please forward to Jeff.	Please forward to Jeff.	If you have any questions or comments do not hesitate to give me a call.
statement mentions a minimum amount due in May.  Just take a look at the			-bcc: X-Folder: Jeff Dasovich June2001 Notes Folders All documents X-Origin: DASOVICH-J X-FileName: jdasovic.nsf
out can you please review and comment:			It looks like we have agreement on the change below but before we send this out can you please review and comment:
Please add comments as this is a checklist and likely not comprehensive.	Bob and Sara,. I think the additional questions that need to be addressed are as follows.. Once we have your input on these issues, our only remaining legal issues will revolve around 1 setting up NY brokerage, 2 actually setting up the different legal entities and related service agreements, 3 EOL product descriptions and 4 revisions to template ISDA agreements.. Outstanding Issues: 1.. Are personnel involved in a regulated brokerage business able to market OTC derivative products to clients without regulatory conflict?. Both US and UK 2.. Are there any special consideration s in terms of corporate organization or operations that we must use in order not to create conflict stemming from our OTC business as a regulated exchange member both UK and US ?. 3.. To avoid regulatory burdens on other aspects of Enron and the Softs business, in what corporate entity will the NY clearing business reside?. 4.. For those counterparties looking to transact with ENA as principal, can we 1 provide parent guarantees for selected counterparties or 2 can we use ENA to take a trade via a back-to-back with ENA Softs, for example?. 5.. In regards to service agreements, is there a threshold of activity that establishes a tax or regulatory presence over and above any service agreement ie- compromises the organizational structure ?. 6.. How would a Chinese Wall be structured between the brokerage and OTC businessses?. General market information will likely need to be shared and some sharing between client and non-EOL broker will occur.. Please lay out the concept and structure behind this mechanism so that we can better understand this.	Please lay out the concept and structure behind this mechanism so that we can better understand this.	Please add comments as this is a checklist and likely not comprehensive.
having to redraft and re-sign the agreement please discuss this with Angela	Susan: Please follow up with Angela today on this.. Carol. Carol, pursuant to my second phone message from this afternoon, I am providing you with the number of an alternative contact in our Contracts Department:. Angela Weber, Contracts Department phone: PHONE email: aweber utilicorp.com. To recap, the concern is that Board Resolutions are not in the ISDA as Documents to be Delivered .	To recap, the concern is that Board Resolutions are not in the ISDA as Documents to be Delivered .	I would propose that both parties provide them anyway, regardless of whether they are listed in the ISDA, in order to avoid having to redraft and re-sign the agreement please discuss this with Angela in my absence.
so could you please prepare an ISDA Agreement for their review.			David, We want to be able to start performing financial trades with Frontera so could you please prepare an ISDA Agreement for their review.
Please call me on  203  464-1541 and let me know whether a conference call	Rosalee:. Please forward the following materials to Ken Lay, pursuant to his conversation with Rob Bradley yesterday.	Please forward the following materials to Ken Lay, pursuant to his conversation with Rob Bradley yesterday.	Please call me on PHONE and let me know whether a conference call with myself and Joel Bluestein is necessary for 2:30 central/3:30 eastern today.
Please send me the Ranger download that you were referencing in our meeting on Wed.			Steve, Please send me the Ranger download that you were referencing in our meeting on Wed.
Guys, can you put together the folllowing Portfolio/Charter Review for			Guys, can you put together the folllowing Portfolio/Charter Review for Principal Investing and Energy Capital Resources: a detail existing portfolio - winners/losers; additions/deletions and overall performance; b detail market conditions in your markets and any strategy changes following; c anticipated major transactions in 2001; and d review charter and detail any proposed changes.
Please review the attached announcement of Transwestern s Interactive Open	FYI.. TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE INTERACTIVE OPEN SEASON APPROVAL	TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE INTERACTIVE OPEN SEASON APPROVAL	Please review the attached announcement of Transwestern s Interactive Open Season to be held Thursday, August 10, 2000.
please direct them to Bob Grant, X6850.	Over the next few weeks there will be crews working in the North and South buildings installing new computer and telephone network wiring.. This effort is part of an overall project to upgrade the network and add capacity to the computer infrastructure in Tehachapi .. The wiring effort will include all offices, cubicles, conference rooms, and trailers.. The wiring will be all new and will not disrupt current network service during the transition.. The wiring will start in the North and South buildings later this week and will continue through to July 24.. The crews will be working from 7:00AM to 7:30PM throughout the weeks.. Please be aware that the crews will need access to offices, cubicles, and conference rooms.. They will attempt to hold disruptions to a minimum, but will be removing ceiling tiles and installing new outlets for data and voice service in each of your areas.. Transition to the new network will be completed by July 15.. The crews will then go through and remove all of the old wiring.. Your cooperation is appreciated with this effort as we work to improve the computing and network infrastructure in the Tehachapi campus.	Your cooperation is appreciated with this effort as we work to improve the computing and network infrastructure in the Tehachapi campus.	Any questions, please direct them to Bob Grant, X6850.
please give me a call.	Bob - Following are the items you requested.. I am least familiar with mate rial numbers.. The one reflected below is the closest I could come to the s ervice being provided.. Cost Center PHONE 4 TW-Rates Company No.. 09 090060 Transwestern Pipeline Company GL Account PHONE 500 Outside Services-Other Material No PHONE 01 Administrative Services 20. Original Message. Teb, As we discussed, the Omaha Iron Mountain storage facility contains som e 198 boxes of Transwestern documents.. These documents came from Transweste rn/Houston originally and related to old certificate and rate filings.. Beca use of the pending acquisition of Northern by Dynegy, Northern needs to iso late our storage records.. Consequently, were asking you to retrieve and tak e ownership of the 198 boxes from the Omaha IM facility.. This will involve having Houston Iron Mountain initiating the request for shipping from the O maha facility and being responsible for the disposition of the boxes when t hey are received.. The estimated shipping costs to Transwestern for the boxe s would be approx.. 2,200 - 2,400 .. The box numbers for the Transwestern r ecords were previously provided to you by letter dated 8/10/01.. In addition , would you please provide me your cost center , company , GL account a nd material so that the box retrieval fee 1/box charged to Northern s account by the Omaha Iron Mountain facility can be cross-charged to Transwe stern ?. 20	20	If you have any questions or if I can assist in facilitating this request, please give me a call.
Please call me with any questions or concerns at 713 853-0397.	Mark -. See the below FYI.. Mark Senior Counsel, ENA Phone: PHONE Facsimile: PHONE E-Mail: Mark.Greenberg enron.com. We have begun the testing phase of a broker application that will allow Brokers to execute transactions over EnronOnline on behalf of their clients.. We anticipate that there will be four brokers online when we launch on or about March 19, 2001.. Between now and the launch date we will be giving these brokers additional user ids to view prices on EnronOnline.. Listed below are the brokers that will have access and the products they will have execute rights on:. 1.. Amerex: Worldwide gas, power, crude products and bandwidth 2.. Prebon: North American gas and power; European gas and power 3.. Natsource: North American gas and power; Emissions; Coal 4.. Power Merchants: US Financial Gas. All transactions which are executed by brokers on EnronOnline numbers will be free of brokerage charges.. We are under non-disclosure agreements with each of these brokers and therefore should not discuss the terms of these deals.. The brokers are particuliarly concerned about the impact with other customers if the terms of these agreements become public.. We are in discussion with other brokers to provide this same service.. I encourage you to contact us with any brokers that may have an interest in viewing and executing on EnronOnline prices.	I encourage you to contact us with any brokers that may have an interest in viewing and executing on EnronOnline prices.	Please call me with any questions or concerns at PHONE .
Would you please confirm today or tomorrow that you have called your guests			Would you please confirm today or tomorrow that you have called your guests to invite them to your party on May 13?
Please respond to kaplan			Katie Kaplan kaplan iepa.com 01/25/2001 12:15 PM Please respond to kaplan To: kaplan iepa.com , William Hall wfhall2 duke-energy.com , Ward Scobee wscobee caithnessenergy.com , Tony Wetzel twetzel thermoecotek.com , Sue Mara smara enron.com , Steve Ponder steve ponder fpl.com , Roger Pelote roger.pelote williams.com , Rob Lamkin rllamkin seiworldwide.com , Randy Hickok rjhickok duke-energy.com , Paula Soos paula soos ogden-energy.com , Nam Nguyen nam.nguyen powersrc.com , Milt Schultz bfpjv c-zone.net , Marty McFadden marty mcfadden ogden-energy.com , Marc Tompkins marc.tompkins bently.com , Lynn Lednicky lale dynegy.com , Kevin Williams kwilliams envres.org , Kent Fickett kfickett usgen.com , Ken Salvagno kbssac aol.com , Ken Hoffman khoffman caithnessenergy.com , Kathryn Lynch Lynch sl.net , Jorn Larsen JornL forasenergy.com , Jonathan Weisgall jweisgall aol.com , John Wood jwood sithe.com , John Stout John H Stout reliantenergy.com , John Prevost plenv01 northcoast.com , Joe Ronan joer calpine.com , Joe Greco joe.greco uaecorp.com , Jim Hinrichs jmhpower aol.com , Jeff Dasovich jdasovic enron.com , Jane Luckhardt jluckhardt dbsr.com , James Bishop jim bishop msn.com , Jack Pigott jackp calpine.com , Hap Boyd hap.boyd enron.com , Hal Dittmer hedsf aol.com , Greg Blue gtbl dynegy.com , Graeme Donaldson GDonald386 aol.com , Glen Sheeren gsheere2 iccnet.com , Frank Misseldine fmisseldine caithnessenergy.com , Frank DeRosa frank.derosa gen.pge.com , Eric Eisenman eric.eisenman neg.pge.com , Edwin Feo efeo milbank.com , Edward Lozowicki elozowicki sjo.coudert.com , Ed Maddox emaddox seawestwindpower.com , Duane Nelsen dnelsen gwfpower.com , Doug Fernley fernley.doug epenergy.com , Don Scholl PurEnergyI aol.com , Diane Fellman difellman energy-law-group.com , Dean Gosselin dean gosselin fpl.com , Dave Parquet dparque ect.enron.com , Curtis Kebler curtis l kebler reliantenergy.com , Curt Hatton curt.hatton gen.pge.com , Cody Carter cody.carter williams.com , Carolyn Baker cabaker duke-energy.com , Bob Escalante rescalante riobravo-gm.com , Bob Ellery bellery spi-ind.com , Bill Woods billw calpine.com , Bill Carlson wcarlson wm.com , Scott Harlan harlans epenergy.com cc: Theo Pahos tpahos ppallc.com , Andy Brown ABB eslawfirm.com , B Brown Andy andybrwn earthlink.net , Bob Weisenmiller rbw mrwassoc.com , Douglas Kerner DKK eslawfirm.com , Jan Smutny-Jones smutny iepa.com , Jean Munoz jmunoz mcnallytemple.com , Jeff Dasovich Jeff.Dasovich enron.com , John Larrea john.g.larrea williams.com , Julee Malinowski-Ball jmball ns.net , Kassandra Gough kgough calpine.com , kent Palmerton kent.palmerton williams.com , Kristin Vellandi kvellandi pstrategies.com , Marty Wilson mwilson pstrategies.com , McNally Ray rmcnally mcnallytemple.com , Norton Kelli knorton mcnallytemple.com , Paula Hall-Collins paula.hall-collins williams.com , Richard Hyde rwhyde duke-energy.com , Stephanie-Newell stephanie-newell reliantenergy.com , Tom Ross tross mcnallytemple.com Subject: Transcrip of Davis speech last night
him, please send my heartiest regards to him.	Mr. Skilling and Mr. Rice, ?. It was my most pleasure to have a chance to see you at our recent visit?. to Houston.. ?. I would appreciate your generosity?in spite of short notice.. Eric and I enjoyed the meeting very much.. The discussion was fruitful as well as informative.. ?. We spent considerable amount of time to discuss your investment opportunity with Mr. Patrick Hickery, VP of EBS after our meeting and it went very well.. We will have a follow-up meeting on this coming Monday via teleconference.. ?. I look forward to establishing a most successful strategic alliance and equity relationship with Enron in your Japanese business.. ?. Without the introduction of my friend, Ronnie Chan this could not happen.?	Without the introduction of my friend, Ronnie Chan this could not happen.?	If you have a chance to talk to him, please send my heartiest regards to him.
let him know by 11 AM.	Vince,. Attached is a description of the deal involving Jedi Shares.. The structure is a two-year forward followed by another two years of restriction.. The pricing is consistent with our previous approach.. I have given a copy to Stinson as well.	I have given a copy to Stinson as well.	As Ryan would like a reply in the AM hours, I would like to let him know by 11 AM.
Could you please forward this to the	Attached is a draft of the Corporate Services Agreement to cover the property tax function EOTT is moving to Enron.	Attached is a draft of the Corporate Services Agreement to cover the property tax function EOTT is moving to Enron.	Could you please forward this to the appropriate Human Resources and Legal people?
Give me a call when you have a chance and we can talk about different avenues	Larry:	Larry:	Give me a call when you have a chance and we can talk about different avenues we can take.
PLEASE CHECK-IN WITH PHOTO IDENTIFICATION AND WITH	here s your Denver e-ticket!. Forwarded by Joseph Alamo/NA/Enron on 06/06/2001 04:20 PM. AGENT CB/CB BOOKING REF YE3V8U DASOVICH/JEFF ENRON CORP 101 CALIFORNIA ST STE 1950 ENRON CORP SAN FRANCISCO CA 94111 MAIL ETKT RCPT DATE: JUN 06 2001 SERVICE DATE FROM TO DEPART ARRIVE UNITED AIRLINES 13JUN SAN F CA DENVER CO 1220P 349P UA 492 H WED SAN FRANCISCO DENVER INTL NON SMOKING TERMINAL N LUNCH NON STOP RESERVATION CONFIRMED 2:29 DURATION AIRCRAFT: BOEING 757-200/300 SEAT 28A NO SMOKING CONFIRMED DASOVICH/JEFF I NO AISLE SEATS AVAIL BOOKED WINDOW UNITED AIRLINES 15JUN DENVER CO SAN F CA 235P 404P UA 533 H FRI DENVER INTL SAN FRANCISCO NON SMOKING TERMINAL N NON STOP RESERVATION CONFIRMED 2:29 DURATION AIRCRAFT: BOEING 777-200/300 SEAT 32G NO SMOKING CONFIRMED DASOVICH/JEFF I THIS IS A NON-REFUNDABLE FARE THAT REQUIRES TRAVEL ON THESE SPECIFIC DATES AND FLIGHTS.. ANY CHANGES WILL RESULT IN A PENALTY AND/OR ADDITIONAL COLLECTION.. YOUR TICKET REFLECTS A NEGOTIATED DISCOUNT FROM THE TAP THE PUBLISHED FARE FOR THIS TICKET IS 664.00 MISCELLANEOUS 13OCT HOUSTON TX SAT THANK YOU FOR USING THE TAP RESERVATION NUMBER S UA/MS70PQ DASOVICH/JEFF S0C0011R1000 TICKET:UA/ETKT PHONE 382 INTL TVLRS: CARRY SOS WALLET CARD W/ENRON ASSISTANCE INFO CALL SOS MEDICAL EMERGENCY:IN U.S PHONE CALL SOS MEDICAL EMERGENCY:INTL PHONE COLLECT THIS IS THE PASSENGER RECEIPT FOR YOUR ELECTRONIC TICKET.	YOUR TICKET REFLECTS A NEGOTIATED DISCOUNT FROM THE TAP THE PUBLISHED FARE FOR THIS TICKET IS 664.00 MISCELLANEOUS 13OCT HOUSTON TX SAT THANK YOU FOR USING THE TAP RESERVATION NUMBER S UA/MS70PQ DASOVICH/JEFF S0C0011R1000 TICKET:UA/ETKT PHONE 382 INTL TVLRS: CARRY SOS WALLET CARD W/ENRON ASSISTANCE INFO CALL SOS MEDICAL EMERGENCY:IN U.S PHONE CALL SOS MEDICAL EMERGENCY:INTL PHONE COLLECT THIS IS THE PASSENGER RECEIPT FOR YOUR ELECTRONIC TICKET.	PLEASE CHECK-IN WITH PHOTO IDENTIFICATION AND WITH EITHER 1 THIS RECEIPT OR 2 YOUR CONFIRMATION NUMBER.
could you please advise me how to proceed.	Aziz,. Yes.. If you are interested in joining us next summer as an intern, we would be very happy to have you.. Please, send me your resume.. Vince. Dr. Kaminski:. I am the PhD student at the business school at Carnegie Mellon who is interested in energy modeling.. Thanks once again for taking the time to talk with me about my model for electricity during your recent visit to Carnegie Mellon.. During our conversation, you had mentioned the possibility of my coming out to Enron to work on developing my model, possibly through an internship.. Is this still an option?	Is this still an option?	If so, could you please advise me how to proceed.
If you haven t provided me with this material please do so asap and if you	Guys,. Attached are the one-page background/position statements that I have received to date with the exception of Mike Korpi s which I left at home .	Attached are the one-page background/position statements that I have received to date with the exception of Mike Korpi s which I left at home .	If you haven t provided me with this material please do so asap and if you did please give my any edits you might like to make to the attached pages.
Please call me and/or Gerald as soon as you have had a chance to review the	Clark,. My meeting with Mark was a big yawn.. He took the all to sensible approach and decided he ought to read the Memo first and get back to me.. I imagine I ll hear from him later tonight or tomorrow.. In the meantime, the following sets of coal and ash handling agreements have arrived from ReUse Technology s Kris Johnson.. Gerald Nemec, who works in my Group has been assisting Dwight Beach with this portion of the project.. He has alot of other work on his plate and is trying to recover from the flu, so we need your help.. I would appreciate your reviewing or having someone review the attached and give Gerald a call at 33512.. The principal concerns that I know to have is that the current drafts are taken from what were intercompany contracts between Cogentrix and this ReUse affiliate; thus, the contract may lack the protections that a service recipient should receive.. If there is a waiver of consequentials provision in these contracts, I would question whether that is to the benefit of a fee paying service recipient.. Also, since we don t know how long Enron will be involved in the ownership of the plants, the termination provisions need to be particularly flexible.. Finally, I will be sending you a rough draft of an O M Agreement that Gerald prepared for use in negotiating a transaction with Jerry Campbell of Power Systems new O M Company.. Gerald and I are expecting to receive comments from Dwight, better outling the terms of the deal some time soon.. I understand that Jerry will be in town tomorrow and Thursday--tomorrow is intended to cover commercial matters and Thursday is slated for legal matters.. Thus you review, analysis and understanding of the attached prior to that time would be helpful.	Thus you review, analysis and understanding of the attached prior to that time would be helpful.	Please call me and/or Gerald as soon as you have had a chance to review the attached and the O M Agreement.
Please pay American Public Energy Agency  228,203.99 for shortages recorded			Please pay American Public Energy Agency 228,203.99 for shortages recorded from May 1999 through November 1999.
Can you please extend deal  254839 to cover flow for 5/20 and 5/21?			Can you please extend deal 254839 to cover flow for 5/20 and 5/21?
Please email me back with any questions or comments you have about the site or	Warm greetings on this cold December day!. The January Calendar and Chronicle is now online.. If you are keen to start planning your 2001 agenda, go to http://www.cfr.org/member and log in to sign up for meetings with the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Ehud Barak, Sandy Berger, Janet Reno, Tony Lake, and Wei Jingsheng, just to name a few.. If you would like to personalize the password / User ID we assigned you or if you have forgotten what they are , just email webmaster cfr.org.	If you would like to personalize the password / User ID we assigned you or if you have forgotten what they are , just email webmaster cfr.org.	Please email me back with any questions or comments you have about the site or the newsletter..
Please approve.			Please approve.
operating information through the NYISO, please review the	Clarification of the Filing requirements :. Section 6-106 of the Energy Law of New York State. Each year certain loading-serving entities and generation providers are required to file certain operating data with the New York State Energy Planning Board under Section 6-106 of the Energy Law of New York State.. The year 2001 filing deadline for this information is July 1, 2001.. The NYISO will continue to function as reporting agent for Market Participants.. ESCO s that neither generate nor distribute electricity are not required to provide the Section 6-106 information.. It is assumed that the ESCO has a process in place to convey their forecast inputs to the Transmission Owner s .	It is assumed that the ESCO has a process in place to convey their forecast inputs to the Transmission Owner s .	For those New York Market Participants desiring to report this operating information through the NYISO, please review the attached document that describes the process for submitting data to the NYISO.
Please review and let me know if you have any questions.	Bo, Attached is the draft of the gas agreement for the StageCoach transaction.. There are still a few blanks for which Andrew is getting the information.	There are still a few blanks for which Andrew is getting the information.	Please review and let me know if you have any questions.
becoming a consultant this year, please attend.	Junior Achievement JA is seeking Enron employees to serve as JA 20 consultants!. Join more than 6,000 volunteers from hundreds of Houston 20 companies who have made a difference.. As a Junior Achievement consultant, y ou 20 become a role model who shows students how to achieve personal and 20 professional success.. By making a commitment to be a consultant in either 20 elementary, middle or high school, you can make a positive impact in our 20 local schools.. The time commitment to teach is minimal- only one hour per week for 5-10 20 weeks depending on the grade level .. Volunteers for all programs receive 20 training, materials and support from Junior Achievement.. You may teach a 20 class alone or team up with a co-worker, friend or spouse.. Most classes are 20 taught during the school day with an after school program available in some 20 areas.. To learn more about various Junior Achievement programs, attend a Brown Bag 20 Lunch on October 12 at 11:30 a.m. in EB 552.. A representative from JA will 20 give a presentation and answer your questions.	A representative from JA will 20 give a presentation and answer your questions.	If you are interested in 20 becoming a consultant this year, please attend.
Under the  Indicative Contract Price  section of the term sheet, please add			Under the Indicative Contract Price section of the term sheet, please add no site remediation or demolition assumed after the site is level, graded and grubbed, and compacted for the roadway
Please send me your input by COB tomorrow, Friday, August 11, so I can	OK. Task Team Members: Attached is Draft 3 of the Summer Stakeholder letter.. It incorporates changes recommended by Jim Bannantine and Rick Shapiro.	It incorporates changes recommended by Jim Bannantine and Rick Shapiro.	Please send me your input by COB tomorrow, Friday, August 11, so I can finalize and forward to Dick.
Please take a minute and do your part.	PLEASE TAKE TWO MINUTES AND REPORT YOUR SALARY INFORMATION FOR THE PAST SIX MONTHS IF YOU HAVE SWITCHED JOBS WITHIN YOUR CURRENT COMPANY OR HAVE FOUND A JOB IN A NEW COMPANY.. All information is confidential. If you have any problems logging onto the system please contact Steven Holden holden haas.berkeley.edu. This aggregate information will be very valuable as you go forward in your career.. You can access this information any time off of the Haas career site to see how you are fairing relative to recent E/WMBA graduates.. For this to work those of you in the program need to take two minutes to go into BearTracks and complete the short Evening MBA Placement Report.. How do I report my salary information?. 1 Go to the Career Services link below.. 2 http://www.haas.berkeley.edu/careercenter/. 3 Click on BearTracks enter your student ID , the password is the word password .. 4 Go to Placement Salary Info., Click on EveMBA Placement Form, Click on Go To Evening Placement Form.. 5 Complete the boxes and pull down menus.. You are done. This is confidential information, once we have enough entries we will produce a placement report that will reflect aggregate salary information for current students and graduates of the evening program.. The reason we have not been able to release an Evening MBA placement report is due to the low number of students that have entered their data.. We need enough reports in order to protect confidentiality.	We need enough reports in order to protect confidentiality.	Please take a minute and do your part.
Please apprise when you ve completed your research with Producer Services	Daren,. Thank you for your prompt attention to this matter.. Just a reminder for you to roll the first six days of December 1999 for 98-9789 Sitara 108246.. Carlos/Tom,	Carlos/Tom,	Please apprise when you ve completed your research with Producer Services referencing the below meters that Daren have referred to as Contract Terminated .
process, please call the PEP Help Desk at the following numbers:	NOTE: YOU WILL RECEIVE THIS MESSAGE EACH TIME YOU ARE SELECTED AS A REVIEWER.. You have been selected to participate in the Mid-Year 2000 Performance Management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee s that have been identified for you.. Your feedback plays an important role in the performance management process, and your participation is very critical to the success of Enron s Performance Management goals.. Please provide feedback on the employee s listed below by accessing the Performance Management System PEP and completing an online feedback form as described in the Performance Management Quick Reference Guide .. You may begin your feedback input immediately.. Please have all feedback forms completed by the date noted below.	Please have all feedback forms completed by the date noted below.	If you have any questions regarding PEP or your responsibility in the process, please call the PEP Help Desk at the following numbers:
please print out as overheads:			please print out as overheads:
Please forward a list of the current financial trades on the books between ENA and PCS.	Bianca,	Bianca,	Please forward a list of the current financial trades on the books between ENA and PCS.
Will you take a quick look and send Susan a note	I m a man trapped in a woman s body... not really, this is Jeff Fawcett in Susan s office.. We re on a conference call with SoCalGas right now talking about the settlement document.. Would you guys pull-up the attached file, Primary Rights 4-12.doc and look it over, with particular reference to the section titled, Scheduling Priority?. I think we re OK here, but I don t want to agree to anything that we can t administer on our side of the meter or that just doesn t make sense.. We re down to the final telecon on this subject, and all changes need to be sent over to SoCalGas ASAP.	We re down to the final telecon on this subject, and all changes need to be sent over to SoCalGas ASAP.	Will you take a quick look and send Susan a note saying thumbs up or down?
could you please put those and any other suggestions in letter form and get	will do.. Thanks to everyone for their work on the Senate hearing.. There are a couple of follow-up items:. Thanks to the Portland and Washington teams, Sen Wyden is very interested in identifying the kind of information we need from the ISO and PX to the extent it s still relevant to make the market work better.. We have written this up before, I think we just need to put it in letter form.. Alan -- please take the lead on this and get a draft to Linda.. I think we should identify the information and also prepare a letter for the Chairman ?. that could be sent to the FERC.. Murkowski the Committee Chairman asked for an itemized list of things the fed should do to expedite siting as well as anything else we feel is necessary to address the California crisis.. We have identified the need for open access across the nation, but he is looking for what can be done in the 2-4 month time frame.. Dave, I think your memo to me is a good start.	Dave, I think your memo to me is a good start.	Sue -- could you please put those and any other suggestions in letter form and get them to Linda?
can you find out if the tech group has scheduled installation of a dsl line			can you find out if the tech group has scheduled installation of a dsl line in my apartment?
Please take a look at the summary page, offer	Attached is a model that provides the responses to the questions Steve Tick posed to Carl and me.	Attached is a model that provides the responses to the questions Steve Tick posed to Carl and me.	Please take a look at the summary page, offer comparison page and PPE-ENA offer page.
If possible, please send me your hotmail or yahoo address so that I can add you to my instant messenger list.	Dear Chris,	Dear Chris,	If possible, please send me your hotmail or yahoo address so that I can add you to my instant messenger list.
After you review the attached give me a call to discuss.	Stuart -. Attached are the chain of e-mails on the agreement.. I recommend a direct red-line between the two agreements what I sent them, and what they sent back before we mark up their letter.. They understand what we are doing with the plants, and I don t think will have a problem with the changes we discussed.. I don t yet know what their response to Brownsville will be however.	I don t yet know what their response to Brownsville will be however.	After you review the attached give me a call to discuss.
Can you please get us all the detailed reports	We do not understand our VAR.	We do not understand our VAR.	Can you please get us all the detailed reports and component VAR reports that you can produce?
please give me a shout.	Attached is a file listing all of the curves we had that posted as 0 price for 3/31/01.. We need these pub posted as the same price as the 30th - prices are included in this file.. We need these pub posted ASAP so that we can flash march detail.. Risk does not have authorization to override an existing pub posting, this is why we need your help.	Risk does not have authorization to override an existing pub posting, this is why we need your help.	If you have any questions, please give me a shout.
Please circulate to the Enron group, Bruce and Scott a	Scott and Bruce: I understand from talking to Jane this morning that we will be able to work with you as our counsel on the above transaction that we are working with ACE on.. My understanding from our commercial people is that we should be getting a redraft of the insurance policy sometime today with ACE which we will need your help in reviewing.. Leslie Hansen and I will be working on this from the legal end, with Leslie s focus being on the power issues and mine on the derivative issues.. As I mentioned to Scott last week, we will alos need your help in making sure that the derivative taht we draft is not construed to be insurance.. A draft of the confirmation taht we anticipate using will be sent out later this week.. In terms of timing, our goal is to be on-line by June 15th which will require us to try to get all documentation finalized as soon as possible.. I will keep you posted on any updates to our schedule.. Please feel free to call me or Leslie PHONE with any questions.. If there are others that we need to add to our distribution, please let me know.. Carol St. Clair EB 38 PHONE Phone PHONE Fax carol.st.clair enron.com. Gaurav: Could you please add Bruce Wright to the Distribution List.. His number is PHONE .	His number is PHONE .	Please circulate to the Enron group, Bruce and Scott a Distribution List with the information for the Enron people that are involved.
If so, please respond to this e-mail,	I do not have an EZ tag.. Do you have an EZ- tag on your vehicle?	Do you have an EZ- tag on your vehicle?	If so, please respond to this e-mail, ASAP, If not, disregard.
Kathleen, please talk to	Kay:. The deal is for all four units at 16.45 million each.. I will talk to Lee Johnson this morning.. Part of the deal will involve us purchasing 4 additional units from GE for a late 01 delivery.. I ll call you after I talk to Lee.. Regards,. Ben. Fred,. Dale Rasmussen has been handling the breakout contracts for the LV CoGen project, and I think the form is in good shape.. However, the breakout contract is for all the LV Co Gen units, but that is easy enough to fix.. Does GE know this is coming?. What are you projecting for a closing date?. We need the unit numbers original and serial , associated delivery dates, price attributable to the units maximum liability amount , price to sell the LLC member interests, and the contact persons from Panda for the contract.. Will there be a development fee, and if so, how much?. If you get me the particulars of the deal we can work on it in house.. We have the forms, so we can get cracking without outside counsel.. In fact, I ve been working on the form letter agreement today in connection with the other deal.. Retaining outside counsel requires internal approval, which I m sure we can get in the next day or two, assuming no conflict of interest.. I can get started on the process if you are ready.. If you think these guys are serious, we can set up the LLC s. We may want two LLC s if the total price is in excess of 50mm.	If you think these guys are serious, we can set up the LLC s. We may want two LLC s if the total price is in excess of 50mm.	Kathleen, please talk to me before we do this as I think we should discuss the slate of officers.
Can you please contact Stephanie Panus with these request.			Can you please contact Stephanie Panus with these request.
To reserve one, please call Stephanie E. Taylor at	eSource presents free Lexis-Nexis training Attend one of our Lexis-Nexis Basic Clinics: Mar.. Seats fill up fast!	Seats fill up fast!	To reserve one, please call Stephanie E. Taylor at 5-7928.
Please review and let	Ken, Attached is the revised agency agreement.. I accepted all you changes you forwarded earlier and added an indemnity section.	I accepted all you changes you forwarded earlier and added an indemnity section.	Please review and let me know if you want to discuss.
Please plan to attend.	Just a reminder that we have a meeting today on training at 4:00pm in room EB0560.	Just a reminder that we have a meeting today on training at 4:00pm in room EB0560.	Please plan to attend.
send this out today.	Looks good.. It is on the way.. Katz, Kutter Haigler, Alderman, Bryant Yon et al 106 East College Avenue, Suite 1200 Tallahassee, FL 323 PHONE www.katzlaw.com. This transmission is intended to be delivered only to the named addressee s and may contain information that is confidential, proprietary, attorney work-product or attorney-client privileged.. If this information is received by anyone other than the named addressee s , the recipient should immediately notify the sender by E-MAIL and by telephone PHONE and obtain instructions as to the disposal of the transmitted material.. In no event shall this material be read, used, copied, reproduced, stored or retained by anyone other than the named addressee s , except with the express consent of the sender or the named addressee s .. Thank you.. Nemec, Gerald Gerald.Nemec ENRON.com 07/13/01 02:42PM Attached is the letter with our comments.. Please review.	Please review.	We are OK to send this out today.
Please review and confirm	A team of key executives from Enron will be on campus on the 19th of October for the purposes of meeting with key staff and faculty to learn more about the School and how the firm can gain a greater presence here.. Included in this group will be:. Vince Kaminski, Director of Research. Christie Patrick, VP, University Relations. Mike Rosen, Director, University Affairs Group. I have developed a proposed agenda for the visit.	I have developed a proposed agenda for the visit.	Please review and confirm that you are available to meet with one or more of the Enron Team at the times specified.
Please change, needs to be Frim Energy,	here are the numbers that need to be changed to Firm energy type, please double check, I only pulled up Mark Fischer for todays date 457966.01 457967.01 457968.01 457969.01 457970.01 457978.01 457979.01 457980.01 457981.01 457994.01 457998.01 457999.01 458003.01 458004.01 458009.01 458011.01 458106.01 458107.01 458226.01 458257.01. Looks like alot of the deals are no confirm or counterparty to send, just to make sure we have correct in system thanks. This is an automated function of Deal Blotter.. I have called Will Smith to let him know it s malfunctioning; but all deals not using NP15, SP15, or ZP26 should default to Firm Energy.. I ve also changed the energy to Firm in Deal 458255.. If you could let me know the other deal numbers that need to be changed, I ll follow up with those too.. Thanks, Kate. Hello- Looks like alot of Mark Fischer s west deals are coming over as CAISO firm energy, for example deal 458255.01.	Hello- Looks like alot of Mark Fischer s west deals are coming over as CAISO firm energy, for example deal 458255.01.	Please change, needs to be Frim Energy, we will need to revise the Confirmation Letter.
Please add Victor Guggenheim to your list.			Please add Victor Guggenheim to your list.
Please put this on your calendars - I would like for both of you to attend.			Please put this on your calendars - I would like for both of you to attend.
Please fill him in on your discussions to date.	Rodney, please give Cliff a call.. I spoke with him today.. He will handle.	He will handle.	Please fill him in on your discussions to date.
Please contact the ISC Call Center at  713  345-4727.	Vanessa, Can you determine what this is about?. Please do not reply to this e-mail.. You are receiving this message because an invoice requiring coding, issue resolution, or approval has been submitted to your iBuyit Payables in-box.. This requires your action through iBuyit Payables.. To launch iBuyit Payables, click on the link below: http://iBuyitPayables.enron.com. Note: Log into iBuyitPayables using the same Employee PID P-Number and Password you use to enter the eHRonline system and/or SAP.. First time iBuyit Payables user?. For training materials, click on the link below: http://sap.enron.com/sap doclib/user/file list.asp?cabinet id 265. Need help?	Need help?	Please contact the ISC Call Center at PHONE .
Will you please have	Susan,. I need to take a look at the following contracts.	I need to take a look at the following contracts.	Will you please have someone run them down to me in Central Gas Trading when you get a chance?
Call me to discuss.	Ben:. I reviewed the Tolling Term Sheet sent to Becky on Thursday.. I picked up a couple of changes/issues that should be changed in our next draft.. See my readlined version below.	See my readlined version below.	Call me to discuss.
please have settlements get you a copy of the invoice for 0008 and we will do	Aurora N65007.2 0008 lone liquidation belongs to sitara 307241.. We should have had a form on this.. The deal came to the desk at mid and would require a liquidation.. You should have a variance on your compare reports.	You should have a variance on your compare reports.	If not, please have settlements get you a copy of the invoice for 0008 and we will do a form.
you please clarify the issue for me?	Kay, One of the first things we do after we execute an option agreement is to get into the interconnect queue.. To do so, we must enter into an interconnect study agreement and in the past we have entered into these agreements using the same project agreement that has the option agreement.. Are you saying that we need two project companies for each project: one for the option agreement and one for the interconnect study agreement?. As you may know, it has taken 11 months to get to the point in the Midway project from the time we executed an interconnect study agreement with FPL to today when we are ready to begin negotiating a construction and connection agreement.	As you may know, it has taken 11 months to get to the point in the Midway project from the time we executed an interconnect study agreement with FPL to today when we are ready to begin negotiating a construction and connection agreement.	Would you please clarify the issue for me?
Please confirm that we are all set	We are adding a new generator, Sierra Power Corp... They are going to start scheduling in perhaps as few as a couple days but more likely next week.. They are set up in EnPower I checked .	They are set up in EnPower I checked .	Please confirm that we are all set to go from yor perspective.
role, please send me an e-mail.	Announcement for E220-1: Corporate Financial Reporting:. Greetings, I am in need of a class representative.	Greetings, I am in need of a class representative.	If one of you is interested in this role, please send me an e-mail.
1. Can you check whether we have in place a clearing broker agreement for ECT			-Origin: SHACKLETON-S X-FileName: sshackle.nsf
Can you please attach a time schedule to the different	Vlady: The plan looks good.	Vlady: The plan looks good.	Can you please attach a time schedule to the different steps and send it back.
Effective the 26th - 29th,  please reduce the deliveries to CGE from	that is correct until monday morning.. tuesday may change.. Steve is showing the following volumes for Texas Gas Zone 4 26th 27th 28th 29th Dayton PHONE PHONE CG E 500 500 500 500. I m using the volumes above in Sitara.. Kim, Joe, just let me know if the volumes are different.. I realize Tues may change Mon morning.. That s ok.. Thanks. Forwarded by Chris Germany/HOU/ECT on 02/25/2000 10:45 AM. Hi Joe.	Hi Joe.	Effective the 26th - 29th, please reduce the deliveries to CGE from 950 dth per day to 500 dth per day.
Please prepare draft ISDAs based on the attached credit worksheets  they are			Please prepare draft ISDAs based on the attached credit worksheets they are identical terms and the contact is the same -so we ll actually only negotiate once .
01; Please email David Brehan  mailto:david.brehan enron.co	In case you haven t been able to attend, the Outlook Migration Team has 20 scheduled more Outlook demonstrations.	In case you haven t been able to attend, the Outlook Migration Team has 20 scheduled more Outlook demonstrations.	01; Please email David Brehan mailto:david.brehan enron.co m 01;to 20 make your reservation.
Can you help me with this?	Paul: Shari recommended that I forward these questions to you.. We are trying to finalize an ISDA Master with dresdner bank in Germany and they wanted to make some chnages to our FX and Currency Option language which I have attached.	We are trying to finalize an ISDA Master with dresdner bank in Germany and they wanted to make some chnages to our FX and Currency Option language which I have attached.	Can you help me with this?
Please, make sure you will contact me if there is no reaction.	Vicky,. Please, send me your resume.. I shall forward it to a number of employees of Enron in London with my strongest recommendation.. I shall send you the list of names.. The resume will make it easier for me to 20 identify good targets.	The resume will make it easier for me to 20 identify good targets.	Please, make sure you will contact me if there is no reaction.
with your approval, please have it executed by an authorized officer and	At the request of Louise Kitchen, I am attaching our proposed form of Confidentiality Agreement.. If you have any questions or comments concerning the agreement please do not hesitate to call me at PHONE or Mark Taylor, Assisant General Counsel, at PHONE .	If you have any questions or comments concerning the agreement please do not hesitate to call me at PHONE or Mark Taylor, Assisant General Counsel, at PHONE .	If the agreement meets with your approval, please have it executed by an authorized officer and return it to me via fax at PHONE .
Can you kill this deal or zero out the volumes?			Can you kill this deal or zero out the volumes?
Please register by leaving a voice mail message at  713  853-7181.	NOTE: If you have already registered for this event, please ignore the following message!. !. Welcome to Enron!. You have joined an exciting company at a critical time in the growth of our organization.. As a part of the Enron team, you will be at the forefront of the ongoing evolution of our business.. As a member of the New Hire Network, we invite you to attend the corporate sponsored Enron At A Glance.. This program builds upon the orientation you received your first day on the job.. Location: Hyatt Regency - Downtown Imperial Ballroom 1200 Louisiana Street lunch provided PHONE	Location: Hyatt Regency - Downtown Imperial Ballroom 1200 Louisiana Street lunch provided PHONE	Please register by leaving a voice mail message at PHONE .
Please review the Collateral Threshold amount language added as item 12 to			Please review the Collateral Threshold amount language added as item 12 to the Firm GTC.
Please send to the rest of the Texas Desk.			Please send to the rest of the Texas Desk.
Can you come to the Papasitos at 290 and the Beltway.?	Ok, we are on.?	Ok, we are on.?	Can you come to the Papasitos at 290 and the Beltway.?
Please review and send along to your attorney s as soon as possible.	Kim --. Attached please find a Consent to Assignment for the Southpoint project.	Attached please find a Consent to Assignment for the Southpoint project.	Please review and send along to your attorney s as soon as possible.
Rod - Please review the attached documents and advise Sara if acceptable			Rod - Please review the attached documents and advise Sara if acceptable from a credit standpoint.
Can you provide some clarification so that I can act upon this?	Requesting update access for what?. can t tell from this request what it is that you want me to approve. Is this request for Sheila Glover or Rebecca Ford?. unclear. Next to Sheila s name is the word Trader.. Is this supposed to be her title?. She is not a trader.. She is a Business Controller.	She is a Business Controller.	Can you provide some clarification so that I can act upon this?
Please respond by May 16 to Jennifer Milligan X35272.	Enron Family Day at the Museum of Fine Arts, Houston Enron Family Day at the Museum of Fine Arts, Houston is this Saturday, May 12th from 10 AM - 7 PM.. Enjoy the many exciting exhibits at the museum including Star Wars: Magic of Myth.. Enron employees and their families can enter the museum free by presenting their Enron ID Badge.. To visit the Star Wars: Magic of Myth exhibit, you can purchase vouchers for 10 each by calling PHONE or you may use the vouchers previously distributed to employees by Enron.. Do you hate to garden in the summer because everything you plant dies?. Linda Gay, Director of the Mercer Arboretum and Botanic Gardens in Humble, will teach us about plants that not only survive, but thrive during the dog days of Houston summers.. Topics will include tropical-looking plants for sun and shade, gingers, fragrant plants, and drought-tolerant plants.. WHEN: Tuesday, May 8th, 11:30 a.m. - 12:30 p.m. WHERE: The Forum, 12th floor of 2 Allen Center. Get ready to help the Body Shop celebrate it s 15th anniversary and kick-off National Health and Fitness Week.. Beginning Monday, May 14 and ending Friday, May 18, 2001 all Enron Employees are invited to work-out at the Body Shop as a complimentary guest.. Just visit http://hrweb.enron.com/wellness, print and fill-out the body shop 15th anniversary guest form, and return it to the Body Shop prior to your first workout.. Visit the Body Shop website for a detailed calendar of events, or for additional information, please e-mail the Body Shop at Body.Shop enron.com.. The Enron Travel Club will hold it s monthly meeting on Tuesday, May 8th in room EB5C2 from 12:00pm - 1:00pm.. Help people affected by arthritis.. Join A Joint Walk on May 20.. Thousands of greater Houstonians will join the walk to cure arthritis.. The 5-mile walk begins at the Kelsey-Seybold Clinic and travels along Braes Bayou.. Call PHONE and get in step .. Project Mom Friendly Haven on Saturday, May 11th.... in Honor of Mother s Day!. Join Enron employees at Friendly Haven, a housing assistance program supported by AFH AIDS Foundation Houston , for a volunteer project designed to celebrate Mother s Day.. Approximately 40 single mothers comprise Friendly Haven s residents and we would like to make the day special for both them and their children.. Enron volunteers are needed to facilitate a children s craft activity for Mother s Day presents and also serve a special brunch to all of the mothers in the program.. This project can be utilized as a team building opportunity for a department with 15 - 25 employees or individual volunteers may sign up by contacting Janice Riedel at x37507 - for more information on AFH, visit http://www.aidshelp.org/programs/housing.htm.. The Contemporary Arts Museum needs volunteers to help with CAM boree, a special event for kids Sunday May 20, 5:00pm to 8:00pm.. There will be a picnic dinner, music and artist-led activities.. Volunteers will help play with the kids, ages 2-12.. It is so much fun and a short time commitment.. Volunteers get a FREE Museum membership as a thank you.	Volunteers get a FREE Museum membership as a thank you.	Please respond by May 16 to Jennifer Milligan X35272.
Can you please check	Hi Kate, what s the status of this deal?. this deal is contingent on credit - he ll let me know later today whether or not it s a good trade.. thanks, Kate. sorry Friday, 3/9. what was the trade date on this?. Prebon sent over a confirm for a deal where: Enron Mike Swerzbin buys from PPL Montana Cal 04-Cal 06 25 mw of Mid-C at 45.00 off-peak hours.. They did not tell me about this deal during checkout.	They did not tell me about this deal during checkout.	Can you please check with Mike.
Could you please add me to the distribution list for the weekend weather update.	Jose,	Jose,	Could you please add me to the distribution list for the weekend weather update.
Why don t you give me a call at 503-228-7767 or on	Dude thanks for the words.. I appreciate.. It has been a tough month.. I am back in portland for good now and would love to see you if your time frame allows.. How long are you in the state?. I or have a wierd work schedule in which I work three days on t-hen two days off for four shifts in a row nt then get a six day break.	I or have a wierd work schedule in which I work three days on t-hen two days off for four shifts in a row nt then get a six day break.	Why don t you give me a call at PHONE or on my cell at PHONE some time this evening or in the next few days.
Ava, please add the following as the second bullet			Ava, please add the following as the second bullet
Please call me with any question at 713 853-0397.	We are currently in discussions with 3-4 brokers including GFI in London to allow them to transact on behalf of their customers via EnronOnline.. Mark Taylor suggested that I send you some information on the broker client application and the process flow.. Attached please find the functional specifications for the broker client and a draft process flow.. All documents are work in progress.. We have been discussing this with Amita Gosalia EnronOnline Product Control , Debbie Nichols and Gail Hill in the London Office.	We have been discussing this with Amita Gosalia EnronOnline Product Control , Debbie Nichols and Gail Hill in the London Office.	Please call me with any question at PHONE .
Please ask Sheri Thomas if this person needs access to EOL applications.			Please ask Sheri Thomas if this person needs access to EOL applications.
Please reflect this on your next issued spreadsheet.	1.. The cc d individuals shown above are to be cc d on each e-mail communication relating to terminations by the counterparties shown below which have not yet terminated.. Communication on termination notices coming in should be made as soon as possible after receipt from the counterparty.. Please try to assure that any termination notices reaching the 6th floor credit war room are brought to you ASAP for review.. Starting today, those counterparties shown in red may be receiving performance from EPMI on any given day going forward.. To serve our commercial purposes, we are hoping to get the time beween receipt of wholesale power side terminations and their review and internal acknowledgment on your spreadsheet and among the referenced persons reduced to a maximum of 24 hours.. 2.. I am confirming back to you that MidAmerican Energy Company has delivered to EPMI a 1-2-02 notice of termination, terminating effective 1-4-02 all wholesale power transactions under its Master Power Purchase Sale Agreement with EPMI dated 11-13-01.	I am confirming back to you that MidAmerican Energy Company has delivered to EPMI a 1-2-02 notice of termination, terminating effective 1-4-02 all wholesale power transactions under its Master Power Purchase Sale Agreement with EPMI dated 11-13-01.	Please reflect this on your next issued spreadsheet.
Clement, Sara and Tana, could each of you please e-mail to Cris Sherman as			Clement, Sara and Tana, could each of you please e-mail to Cris Sherman as soon as possible the most recent versions of the documents each of you were preparing for the prepay transaction with RBC.
version, please subscribe to the free text version by writing  A	Slow browser may need to wait 15 seconds for your email to appear, then scroll to view.. mailto:leave-enerfaxdaily PHONE A relay.netatlantic.com to unsubscribe enerfaxdaily as: plucci enron.com forward to web enerfax.com	mailto:leave-enerfaxdaily PHONE A relay.netatlantic.com to unsubscribe enerfaxdaily as: plucci enron.com forward to web enerfax.com	IFRAME src http://www.enerfax.com width 700 height 7500 FONT face Arial size 2 If your email does not support this web version, please subscribe to the free text version by writing A href mailto:subscribe enerfax.com subscribe enerfax.com Please visit our website to view today s gas and power prices and news by clicking A href http://www.enerfax.com http://www.enerfax.com nbsp;
Please, put it on my schedule.	Shirley,	Shirley,	Please, put it on my schedule.
Please review and let me have your comments.	Attached please find a red-line of the changes for the referenced proposal.	Attached please find a red-line of the changes for the referenced proposal.	Please review and let me have your comments.
Dutch - please double check the below information and comment on it.			Dutch - please double check the below information and comment on it.
Please let him know I ll try to call her on Thur. PM.  thanks.			Please let him know I ll try to call her on Thur.
Please respond to  cneal bluegate.com			Conrad Neal cneal bluegate.com on 09/15/2000 04:12:16 PM Please respond to cneal bluegate.com To: Neal, Scott sneal enron.com , Neal, Todd todd.neal chron.com , Neal, John muddywaters hubserv.com , Neal, William billnealmd hotmail.com , Neal, Chris chrisn thisco.com , Neal, Eric ericn thisco.com cc: Subject: Me and Willis Tree Farm
Please drop me a note or give me a call so we can catch up and even talk a	Don,. Howdy from Tokyo.. Thanks for the email.. It was great hearing from you.. I would be happy to talk with you in Dallas about your business.. In the mean time, why don t you send me a new email without the personal stuff about your company and references to your website and i will forward it to the appropriate people within Enron with a note to insure that it gets the proper attention.. Thanks and see you soon.. Mike. Hey Mike, It s been a long time since we last spoke, hope all is well with you and the family in Houston.. I saw Jonny Brenda in Telluride this weekend and he mentioned we would be getting together in Dallas.. It will be great to see yall again.. It s already that time of year for the big shoot-out when the Horns tangle with the Sooners.. It looks like this could be another very interesting game, no telling what will happen with the way both teams are playing this year.. I have been thinking of you and I had planned to call you to talk a little business.. Our company, Nexstar is now up and running and working with major corporations like Enron to provide mortgage loans to their relocating employees and as a benefit to the general employment base.. We are a high tech , high touch approach to mortgage lending providing employees with internet and/or telephony interaction with Nexstar.. As a follow-up to our discussion in the bar last year in Dallas, I thought we could chat about what s going on in the financial services industry and if Nexstar s products and services could be of any benefit to Enron.. If you have any interest you can view our website at nexstarhome.com.	If you have any interest you can view our website at nexstarhome.com.	Please drop me a note or give me a call so we can catch up and even talk a little business.
Please direct any responses to my paralegal, Tana Jones, via intercompany	Enron s trading policy prohibits employees from trading any products the 20 company trades.. If you have any questions about any specific products plea se 20 feel free to contact me or any of the London legal team.. I currently do not have any such account.. Would this prohibit me from 20 opening one in the future?. thanks mcs. Forwarded by Mark Schroeder/LON/ECT on 26/06/2000 20 10:48. We are in the process of preparing applications for position limit exemptio ns 20 for ENA 01,s NYMEX energy commodities futures trading.. These applications 20 require that ENA represent whether its officers, employees, owners, or agen ts 20 have a power of attorney, control or have a financial interest in any other 20 related commodity future s account either individually or acting with 20 another person pursuant to express or implied agreement.	These applications 20 require that ENA represent whether its officers, employees, owners, or agen ts 20 have a power of attorney, control or have a financial interest in any other 20 related commodity future s account either individually or acting with 20 another person pursuant to express or implied agreement.	Please direct any responses to my paralegal, Tana Jones, via intercompany 20 email or call her at PHONE by the end of business Friday, June 30, 20 2000 if you have any power of attorney, control or have a financial interes t 20 in any commodity futures account other than an ENA or other trading 20 affiliate account .
Could you each provide me with  38?	The total for the Boss s Day lunch 230.	The total for the Boss s Day lunch 230.	Could you each provide me with 38?
Can you please take the lead in responding to Tim re:  FERC v. state actions?	Thanks for taking the lead on this.. Note Tim s question about handicapping the liklihood of approval.. Prices will move in the West based on these odds.. We need to have a better view than anyone else.. Tim, although there s always a chance my impression is that the FERC won t buy the ban on exports, as this would appear to run afoul of the Commerce Clause and certainly goes counter to everything that FERC hopes to accomplish with their own Order 888 and 2000 initiatives.. I am less certain about the direction FERC will go on pricing, since even the staff has recognized stumbling blocks in their own recommendation and offers possible variants.. The ISO has not submitted revised tariff sheets for approval yet, so it is unlikely they would try to implement their own plan in the near term.. If they try to do so without FERC approval, possible legal avenues might include the filing of a complaint at FERC, asking for fast track processing this fast is measured in weeks, not days and/or seeking injunctive relief in court faster , which can be hard to obtain but not impossible, depending entirely on the circumstances.. Will keep you posted if I learn anything new on this.. Ray. Ray --	Ray --	Can you please take the lead in responding to Tim re: FERC v. state actions?
In my absence, please call Martin Bucknell for Estate issues and Bob McAuliffe for Netco issues.	I will be on vacation Thursday and Friday, January 31st and February 1st that s this week .	I will be on vacation Thursday and Friday, January 31st and February 1st that s this week .	In my absence, please call Martin Bucknell for Estate issues and Bob McAuliffe for Netco issues.
Investments and ENA  similar to Selena Gonzales and David Vitrella   Please	Sara,	Sara,	We will need John Weakly added to the authorized trader list for ECT Investments and ENA similar to Selena Gonzales and David Vitrella Please let me know what info you may need from me to make this happen.
Please add to your calendar.			Please add to your calendar.
Can you please look into these real-time discrepancies that are mentioned below!!!			Bill,
Would you give me a copy of the deal ticket for deal 295058 please.			Would you give me a copy of the deal ticket for deal 295058 please.
Clement, Sara and Tana, could each of you please e-mail to Cris Sherman as			Clement, Sara and Tana, could each of you please e-mail to Cris Sherman as soon as possible the most recent versions of the documents each of you were preparing for the prepay transaction with RBC.
Would you mind emailing to me a short biography/vita sometime when you get	Dear Vince,	Dear Vince,	Would you mind emailing to me a short biography/vita sometime when you get a chance?
Please prepare an amendment to the existing guaranties	I have already overnighted the Enron amendment.. Where are we in preparation/execution of the Texaco amendment?. brant. Hey Gerald,. Enron Corp. and Texaco Inc. currently have issued 12MM guaranties to Superior Natural Gas.. The obligations under the guaranties are several and not joint obligations.. The customer has asked that we increase these guaranties to 25MM.	The customer has asked that we increase these guaranties to 25MM.	Please prepare an amendment to the existing guaranties and have Enron execute a hardcopy original, delivering such copy to me at 2860b.
Can you create a spreadsheet summarizing Enron s open futures interest broken			Sarah: Can you create a spreadsheet summarizing Enron s open futures interest broken down by commodity and broker, including maintenance and initial margin for all commodities including rates, currencies, gas, crude, etc .
vince, can you set up a meeting with you, me and mark palmer to follow up	i ve asked vince to get involved with you about getting li into vince s group.. this issue needs to be resolved by week s end--we look like we don t have our act together, and that bothers me.. especially since we are about to make a significant monetary investment at wharton, and we could have a new wharton recruit disgruntled.	especially since we are about to make a significant monetary investment at wharton, and we could have a new wharton recruit disgruntled.	vince, can you set up a meeting with you, me and mark palmer to follow up with our meeting with skilling?
Please, give him my E-mail address or the phone number.	Kevin,. Yes.	Yes.	Please, give him my E-mail address or the phone number.
you need to speak to an attorney, please call Mark Taylor at  713  853-7459.	At the request of Louise Kitchen, I am transmitting a copy of the referenced agreement.. If you have any comments, please call me at PHONE .	If you have any comments, please call me at PHONE .	If you need to speak to an attorney, please call Mark Taylor at PHONE .
please contact the sender and delete the material from any computer.	revised the mahomet totals and the linepack in numbers.. The information transmitted is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material.. Any review, retransmission, dissemination or other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon, this information by persons or entities other than the intended recipient is prohibited.	Any review, retransmission, dissemination or other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon, this information by persons or entities other than the intended recipient is prohibited.	If you received this in error, please contact the sender and delete the material from any computer.
Please, call me 713 853 3848.			Please, call me PHONE .
Would you send me his phone / fax number.	Nelson, are you in contact with this customer?. I have not heard from them regarding the draft of the master.. Please advise of status.. Also, I do not have a phone number for Mr. Madden.	Also, I do not have a phone number for Mr. Madden.	Would you send me his phone / fax number.
to Ben this evening, then please review this version in the morning rather	Ron,. After spending sometime this evening going through the detailed Letter Agre ement dated April 26th which was attached at the bottom of your note today, I concluded that this was most likely the final Definitive Agreement that was used to close the sale.. I have a call into to Kay to confirm this and talk with her tomorrow .. It is more detailed than what I believe you woul d want to include in the first LOI to Allegheny outlining the deal.. Note the NEPCO letter you sent later is in the latter format and envisions that a detailed agreement would be negotiated and entered into between the part ies ie EPC Contract .. Nepco s letter to be modified to exclude the turbin e purchase from the procurement scope.. 20. After working with the detailed April 26th letter and seeing that it was qu ite complex for the current stage of discussions, I decided to look into Ka ys Blue Dog data base.. There I found a letter dated March 26 also referre d to in the final April 26th Letter Agreement as the Initial Letter Agreeme nt .. This letter I believe was the LOI originally sent out to outline the deal and ultimately led to the April 26th Definitive Agreement.. A copy i s attached below for your review.	A copy i s attached below for your review.	If this is the concept of the type of pr oposal you want to send out in conjunction with the NEPCO proposal which we could incentivize by the pricing concept that you referred to in your note to Ben this evening, then please review this version in the morning rather than the April 26th letter.
Please provide interview feedback  YES, NO, MAYBE  on the following			Please provide interview feedback YES, NO, MAYBE on the following candidate s .
Please contact Tana Jones directly to coordinate these efforts.	Tana Jones is coordinating execution of the NDA with London.. We did not work on the MOU, so I don t know where it s at or who is handling getting it executed.	We did not work on the MOU, so I don t know where it s at or who is handling getting it executed.	Please contact Tana Jones directly to coordinate these efforts.
Please direct questions about this report to: Greg Shuttlesworth  Email:	Attached is PIRA s Gas Flash.. Unauthorized distribution is prohibited.	Unauthorized distribution is prohibited.	Please direct questions about this report to: Greg Shuttlesworth Email: greg pira.com , Tom Howard EMail: tazh pira.com , Richard Redash Email: Rich pira.com , Nobu Tarui Email: nobuo pira.com or Jane Hsu Email: jane pira.com .
Maureen: please get this to Ricardo  he s at the EBS offsite this am .	Great presentation, as always.. I think you should add a brief set of talking points: what are the key messages we want to convey?. what, if anything, can we ask Martens to do that would allow some progress in the short run?	what, if anything, can we ask Martens to do that would allow some progress in the short run?	Maureen: please get this to Ricardo he s at the EBS offsite this am .
Please mark on your calendar.	Shirley,. I plan to take off the 3 days after Christmas for vacation, December 27, 28, and 29th.	I plan to take off the 3 days after Christmas for vacation, December 27, 28, and 29th.	Please mark on your calendar.
Could you email me the last version of the turbine contract?			Could you email me the last version of the turbine contract?
Please plan to attend the above mentioned meeting:			Please plan to attend the above mentioned meeting:
In the future, please send any similar necessary changes/issues	thanks. Lesli: I made the counterparty change to Duke Energy Trading and Marketing on deal QM4771.	Lesli: I made the counterparty change to Duke Energy Trading and Marketing on deal QM4771.	In the future, please send any similar necessary changes/issues directly to me as I handle the administrative duties of FT-EOL Eric Bass s book .
If this meets with your approval, please execute two	Mike, please see the attached.. The first document has Transwestern s revisions highlighted.	The first document has Transwestern s revisions highlighted.	If this meets with your approval, please execute two originals and send them to me.
Kindly review and forward comments back to the listed contact.	We are currently working on putting in place a contract with Reliant Energy Services, Inc.. Attached below is a format of the counterparty s guaranty format proposed guaranty amount is 40.00MM .	Attached below is a format of the counterparty s guaranty format proposed guaranty amount is 40.00MM .	Kindly review and forward comments back to the listed contact.
Take a look at the rates for Cayman.			Take a look at the rates for Cayman.
Please, send me your phone number.	Roman,. I shall type in English faster .. I was trying to locate you for some time after you left SCEM.. I shall be glad to meet for dinner/coffee and chat.	I shall be glad to meet for dinner/coffee and chat.	Please, send me your phone number.
As you approach the mid point in your current rotation, please take this op			As you approach the mid point in your current rotation, please take this op portunity to fill out an evaluation form on your experience thus far.
Please update the ticket to reflect that HPL is receiving these volumes from ENA - IM Central.	This deal ticket, which is our Oasis and PGE receipts from the Central Desk on NNG.	This deal ticket, which is our Oasis and PGE receipts from the Central Desk on NNG.	Please update the ticket to reflect that HPL is receiving these volumes from ENA - IM Central.
Can you clear this up for me?	I am looking at my physical volume report, and have a couple questions about the totals. If I take the total volume, and multiply that by the total hours, I get a total of 318,557,665,950.40 mwh.. Is this what was physically flowing?. If so, then I think this number is wrong.. If this is our total volume, then I am worried because I thought we were just reporting our physical flows.	If this is our total volume, then I am worried because I thought we were just reporting our physical flows.	Can you clear this up for me?
complete could you  please email it to ldeathridge risk.co.uk as a	As Australian Energy Risk 2000 is approaching.. I am emailing you with regards to your presentation.. The deadline date is Monday 12 June.. If this is going to be a problem please let me know I will be out of the office from Monday 12, until Monday 19 June, on which date I will be putting the presentation pack together to send to the printers.	If this is going to be a problem please let me know I will be out of the office from Monday 12, until Monday 19 June, on which date I will be putting the presentation pack together to send to the printers.	If your presentation is complete could you please email it to ldeathridge risk.co.uk as a powerpoint file ASAP.
Please, arrange a phone interview with Richard.	Shirley,	Shirley,	Please, arrange a phone interview with Richard.
Karen- please print this out and file somewhere.			Karen- please print this out and file somewhere.
Please sign me up for the new parking garage.			Please sign me up for the new parking garage.
Please participate in the game and encourage all your counterparties to do	Highlights: Launch of The EnronOnline Games on Friday - Sept. 8, 2000.. EnronOnline customers encouraged to participate for a chance to win grand 20 prizes details below .. Internal Enron employees using EnronOnline are welcome to participate for a 20 chance to win a different set of prizes details below .	Internal Enron employees using EnronOnline are welcome to participate for a 20 chance to win a different set of prizes details below .	Please participate in the game and encourage all your counterparties to do 20 the same, and help build greater community around EnronOnline.
Could you pleased put the Enron logo and print a color copy for me.			Could you pleased put the Enron logo and print a color copy for me.
Please review and respond accordingly.	I don t recall which one of you were working on this, but this is their redraft.	I don t recall which one of you were working on this, but this is their redraft.	Please review and respond accordingly.
Cathy would you please review daily for updates and make the changes on a			Cathy would you please review daily for updates and make the changes on a running list.
Please respond to khazlewo swbell.net			khazlewo swbell.net on 04/14/2000 12:19:58 PM Please respond to khazlewo swbell.net To: Vince Kaminski vkamins enron.com cc: Subject: Bonds
please provide two calcs, one calc	Dave,. To follow up on our conversation about the Pipe Option Book, Errol will provide post id s for Friday s COB to calc the pipe options book with the skew table.	To follow up on our conversation about the Pipe Option Book, Errol will provide post id s for Friday s COB to calc the pipe options book with the skew table.	As I asked on the phone please provide two calcs, one calc for the pipe options deals with and with out skew and another calc with the NYMEX options deals with and without skew.
Can you give me something to tell Toni.	Vince:. They are already asking for evaluations on the following individuals most of whom were just interviewed yesterday!. However, I do not know who Bruce Kamich is - I don t remember his interview at all.	However, I do not know who Bruce Kamich is - I don t remember his interview at all.	Can you give me something to tell Toni.
Can you send me an enail with	I took an online course last month and would like to take another.. I have forgotten my password/id and I can t login.	I have forgotten my password/id and I can t login.	Can you send me an enail with this info.
Amelia, would you please e-mail me the Enron team sign up for for MS150?			Amelia, would you please e-mail me the Enron team sign up for for MS150?
Please run the calcs tonight for the ngpropt book along with the calls and	Dave,. One more time on the skew test.	One more time on the skew test.	Please run the calcs tonight for the ngpropt book along with the calls and puts calcs.
Marie, would you please forward the lastest master netting agreement to us?			Marie, would you please forward the lastest master netting agreement to us?
Can you check with the trader on this deal.			Can you check with the trader on this deal.
this information, please forward it to that person and notify me so that I	September 13, 2000. Attached please find a letter concerning changes in our distribution on the NUI/Elizabethtown Gas system.	Attached please find a letter concerning changes in our distribution on the NUI/Elizabethtown Gas system.	If you are not the proper person to receive this information, please forward it to that person and notify me so that I may update my records.
I need ASAP  today please   a credit worksheet for this company.			I need ASAP today please a credit worksheet for this company.
Please follow up.			Please follow up.
Susan: please update the Demand Letter Log -	It appears that the only position under this CP s GTC expired in Feb02.. Therefore the only issue on Empire is the A/R of 210.00.. In our list we show this CP with a status of expired.. No need to send termination letter.	No need to send termination letter.	Susan: please update the Demand Letter Log - Termination Letter column: Expired Comment column: 210 A/R outstanding
Please add the following new point to the database for PGT  15  and make sure we begin to scape it along with the others:	Chris,	Chris,	Please add the following new point to the database for PGT 15 and make sure we begin to scape it along with the others:
Please forward to Shell for their review and I will send down executables.	Chris, Richard and I have come to agreement on the Shell CA.. Attached is a redline with the changes.	Attached is a redline with the changes.	Please forward to Shell for their review and I will send down executables.
Please match this deal with 431849.	We bought back some of New Powers first of the month volumes on deal 431846.	We bought back some of New Powers first of the month volumes on deal 431846.	Please match this deal with 431849.
Please review the proposed transaction and associated schedule.	Kevin,	Kevin,	Please review the proposed transaction and associated schedule.
Can you take a look at the attached resume?	Mike,. There might be a place for Steve in our unit supporting EES.. I shall forward the resume to my associates supporting the Facility Management effort.. Thanks for thinking about us.. Vince. P.S.. Krishna, Osman,	Krishna, Osman,	Can you take a look at the attached resume?
Please change Elena Chilkina s payroll record to reflect non-exempt instead	Teresa:	Teresa:	Please change Elena Chilkina s payroll record to reflect non-exempt instead of exempt in order for her to be paid overtime.
Please call me to discuss the SPA	Kay:. As we discussed, I have been working with a counterparty interested in purchasing one or both of ENA s Illinois development project LLC s. The counterparty is listed below: PSEG Americas Development Company, L.L.C.. 35 Waterview Blvd.. Parsippany, NJ 94105. The key points of the proposed transaction are:. 1.. The transaction would be an outright purchase of 100 of the member interests in one or both of the following project entities:. Kendall New Century Development, L.L.C.. Titan Land Development Company, L.L.C.. 2.. The purchase price of 100 of the member interests would be:. Kendall New Century Development, L.L.C.. : 3,000,000.00 Titan Land Development Company, L.L.C.. : 6,000,000.00. Lisa Mellancamp was the ENA attorney who handled the CA between ENA and PSEG before Christmas.. At the end of November, Lisa engaged Corey Brown at Bracewell Patterson to handle the preparation of a draft Securities Purchase Agreement in conjunction with our discussions with Coastal Power.. Corey prepared a draft SPA based upon an option to purchase structure, but Coastal Power backed away from the transaction in early December.. I have received a letter from PSEG Power LLC indicating their interest in proceeding with a transaction in the near future.. I will forward you a copy of this letter for your records.. They have verbally indicated that the Purchase Price s of 3 MM and 6 MM respectively, are acceptable to them.. I believe that this is the appropriate time to bring you into the process and transfer things from Lisa to yourself.	I believe that this is the appropriate time to bring you into the process and transfer things from Lisa to yourself.	Please call me to discuss the SPA once you have reviewed the appropriate documents.
Would you please run a credit check on this new entity.	Mr. Reeves,. Entex Gas Marketing intends to assign certain interruptible gas transportation agreements to a new company of theirs which is:. Entex Gas Resources Corp. it is a TX Corp. P.O.. Box 200905 Houston, TX 77216	Box 200905 Houston, TX 77216	Would you please run a credit check on this new entity.
Please add Terrie to the meeting with Beth, Bill, Palmer, et al			Please add Terrie to the meeting with Beth, Bill, Palmer, et al
Would either of you please give me a call at your earliest convenience.	Sheila/Kay-	Sheila/Kay-	Would either of you please give me a call at your earliest convenience.
Also, please furnish a list and copies of those agreements for Power relating to your arrangements concerning   payment   close-out netting	Rhonda,. Thanks for the Southern document.. Have you any word on the VEPCO document?	Have you any word on the VEPCO document?	Also, please furnish a list and copies of those agreements for Power relating to your arrangements concerning payment close-out netting
2. Terms sales to SDG E last year - Miyung can you run a press clipping			-bcc: X-Folder: Jeff Dasovich June2001 Notes Folders All documents X-Origin: DASOVICH-J X-FileName: jdasovic.nsf
take a look at the saturday weather forecast for new orleans.			take a look at the saturday weather forecast for new orleans.
Please, put on my schedule.	Shirley,	Shirley,	Please, put on my schedule.
Please review and let me know if you have any questions.	Heidi, Attached is the modified confirm form.. Please note the following:. 1.. This will only work with an Interruptible all points master contract 2.. This confirm cannot extend the term of a transport agreement.. We need to make sure that the master is still in its term.. 3.. The counter -party should sign off for every transaction.. Via fax signature is acceptable.. 4.. A single form per contract must be used.. 5.. This form is set up for 1 month or less deals.. We need to make sure this confirm can be handle under the existing global contract for the master contract.	We need to make sure this confirm can be handle under the existing global contract for the master contract.	Please review and let me know if you have any questions.
Please take a moment to	Shirley,. Please, register me for this.. Vince. NESA / HEA will be a Sponsor of the Ziff Energy Group Gas Storage Conference being held in Houston, Texas on June 22, 2001.	NESA / HEA will be a Sponsor of the Ziff Energy Group Gas Storage Conference being held in Houston, Texas on June 22, 2001.	Please take a moment to review the attached information and contact Shelley Soles - Conference Director, Ziff Energy Group, at PHONE with questions.
Please set a telephone meeting with Alex for me.			Please set a telephone meeting with Alex for me.
Please call me to discuss the SPA	FYI.. No action required.. Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 01/24/2001 05:32 PM. Kay:. As we discussed, I have been working with a counterparty interested in purchasing one or both of ENA s Illinois development project LLC s. The counterparty is listed below: PSEG Americas Development Company, L.L.C.. 35 Waterview Blvd.. Parsippany, NJ 94105. The key points of the proposed transaction are:. 1.. The transaction would be an outright purchase of 100 of the member interests in one or both of the following project entities:. Kendall New Century Development, L.L.C.. Titan Land Development Company, L.L.C.. 2.. The purchase price of 100 of the member interests would be:. Kendall New Century Development, L.L.C.. : 3,000,000.00 Titan Land Development Company, L.L.C.. : 6,000,000.00. Lisa Mellancamp was the ENA attorney who handled the CA between ENA and PSEG before Christmas.. At the end of November, Lisa engaged Corey Brown at Bracewell Patterson to handle the preparation of a draft Securities Purchase Agreement in conjunction with our discussions with Coastal Power.. Corey prepared a draft SPA based upon an option to purchase structure, but Coastal Power backed away from the transaction in early December.. I have received a letter from PSEG Power LLC indicating their interest in proceeding with a transaction in the near future.. I will forward you a copy of this letter for your records.. They have verbally indicated that the Purchase Price s of 3 MM and 6 MM respectively, are acceptable to them.. I believe that this is the appropriate time to bring you into the process and transfer things from Lisa to yourself.	I believe that this is the appropriate time to bring you into the process and transfer things from Lisa to yourself.	Please call me to discuss the SPA once you have reviewed the appropriate documents.
Please log off and back on again to access this application.	TECHNICAL N O T I F I C A T I O N INFORMATION SYSTEMS SERVICES. Who this affects: Enron Energy Services Employees Rate Engine/Load Wizard Users. Date of Change:. Change Information:. Action:. This has been repaired.. The server EESHOU-DBRENG for Rate Engine/Load Wizard is now available for use.	The server EESHOU-DBRENG for Rate Engine/Load Wizard is now available for use.	Please log off and back on again to access this application.
Take a look at this proposal.	Good suggestions.	Good suggestions.	Take a look at this proposal.
Would you double check your notes, were the swing volumes requested for Sunday March 17th or Monday March 18th?			Would you double check your notes, were the swing volumes requested for Sunday March 17th or Monday March 18th?
Please notify us	Forwarded by Randall L Gay/HOU/ECT on 04/20/2000 11:33 AM. This e-mail is confidential and may well also be legally privileged.. If you have received it in error, you are on notice of its status.	If you have received it in error, you are on notice of its status.	Please notify us immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message from your system.
Please have a look.	Sara,. Please find attached the amended Las Vegas Cogen swap... I have faxed both the new and old deal tickets to you.	I have faxed both the new and old deal tickets to you.	Please have a look.
please put in rolodex			please put in rolodex
Could you fax me the signed the resolutions if Mary and Derrick have signed them?	Angel, Just want to follow up on the board resolution for the 50M Rmb working capital loan.	Angel, Just want to follow up on the board resolution for the 50M Rmb working capital loan.	Could you fax me the signed the resolutions if Mary and Derrick have signed them?
Please call with any	The new cost centers for ENA Legal for 2001 are: Power Trading Sager - 107061 Industrial Markets Murray - 107062.	The new cost centers for ENA Legal for 2001 are: Power Trading Sager - 107061 Industrial Markets Murray - 107062.	Please call with any questions.
Please complete the survey by clicking on the link	ClickAtHome Pilot Three Members!. We hope your experience with the Clickathome ordering website and vendors has been exciting and fun for you!. We need your feedback to determine next steps of the program.. Please take 5 minutes to fill out the first of three surveys.. Your feedback is critical to the successful launch of this program in the next few months.	Your feedback is critical to the successful launch of this program in the next few months.	Please complete the survey by clicking on the link below by Thursday, February 8th.
Please review the two attachments below and advise.	Hi Louise, I am hearing that you and Rob discussed the Canada Svc agreement and settled on a number in the ballpark of 7M, which is comparable to last year.. There is one change from last year that we may want to consider- the treatment of the Regulatory Affairs activity charged from Corporate.. Last year Rob was not burdened with this cost.. This year we discussed pushing these costs to the appropriate commercial teams.	This year we discussed pushing these costs to the appropriate commercial teams.	Please review the two attachments below and advise.
Brent: Can you swap the mic of an affected user and see if this persists?	Issue 1. It is not the physical microphone that is having the problem.. The microphone volume on the software declines as the speaker talks.. Hunter,. Please see comments below..... 1 When some of the members of the chat room begin to talk, their microphone volume starts to trail off.. Does this happen using different microphones?	Does this happen using different microphones?	Brent: Can you swap the mic of an affected user and see if this persists?
Please reassign this file this morning and ask the responsible paralegal to			Please reassign this file this morning and ask the responsible paralegal to bring the file in my office to discuss.
Tomorrow can you prepare and execute the	Hi Stephanie, I will get the final version of ECT - Goldman International agreement by the end of the day onThursday and there is a lot of pressure to get it executed right away.	Hi Stephanie, I will get the final version of ECT - Goldman International agreement by the end of the day onThursday and there is a lot of pressure to get it executed right away.	Tomorrow can you prepare and execute the accompanying documents.
specific date, please review your product in Product Manager under the 1st	Before you begin trading your EnronOnline products on March 1st .... Review the dates on your products.. We are in the process of converting regular products to Tokenized Reference Period Products.. A Tokenized Reference period product is one which the system sees as Day Ahead , Month Ahead , Month Ahead 1 , etc - but this is not what you or your customers see.. At midnight every night, the system checks the current date and then CHANGES the dates shown on the Product Description.. For example, if Product 20451 is Month 1 , then on Feb. 28, the Short Description on the Website and in Stack Manager would show April1-30 .. However, on March 1, the system will automatically change the date of Product 20451 to show May1-31 .. Note that the Product number stays the same, but the date has automatically updated.. When all of your Products use Tokenized Reference Periods, this works fine - your links all stay on the same relative date links are between Product Numbers, not between Product Short Descriptions, so as the date changes, it might look like your links are changing, but in fact they have stayed on the same Product all the time - only the date changed .. Believe it or not, changing to Tokenized Reference Periods will make your life easier in the long run - you will not have to continually create new Products and links.. Links between Products which share the same dates should continue in effect as the dates of both the Parent and Child change together.. The important thing to remember here is that for monthly Products which have Rolling Tokenized Reference Periods, the dates will continue to change automatically on the 1st day of each new month.. For example:. On Feb. 28, the Prompt Month product will be March; but on March 1, it will become April, etc.. On Feb. 28, the Prompt 1 Month product will be April; but on March 1, it will become May.. etc.	etc.	To verify if your product has a Tokenized Reference Period or if it has a specific date, please review your product in Product Manager under the 1st tab marked Product Details.
please pass this on to the right spot.	David, I don t know if you are the right person to speak with; however, I am looking for detail to explain the substantial increase in insurance related cost allocations to ENA for 2001.. We have been given allocation projections that increase our expense from 3.9M to 8.0M.. I would like to know how this was determined and the nature of these costs ie what assets/positions.	I would like to know how this was determined and the nature of these costs ie what assets/positions.	If you are not the right person, I apologize for the intrusion and could you please pass this on to the right spot.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Jane Lalli 711 W Grand River E Lansing, MI 48823 lallimj yahoo.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Samantha:  Please assign Credit Suisse and Deutsche Bank and let me know who	Tanya: Based upon our earlier conversation, I will begin preparing masters for the following parties with 1 no CSA, 2 bilateral cross-default at US 100 million and 3 uncapped or min US 100 million cap guaranties for counterparties required to post guaranties.. The parties on Clint s list are:. 1 Lehman Brothers Finance S.A. have form of master and a form of guaranty from Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. - Stephanie Panus. 2 Credit Suisse First Boston International no form of master. 3 Deutsche Bank have a form of master from ENA negotiations. 4 Bear Stearns International Limited no form of master - Samantha Boyd. 5 Morgan Stanley Capital Services Inc. may develop form from ENA negotiations. 6 Credit Agricole Indosuez. Tanya: Please let me know if any of the foregoing require parent guaranties.. Clint: Please identify the lawyer to whom I should address comments.. Also, are there any others?. ENE has an agreement with Toronto Dominion, NY Branch.	ENE has an agreement with Toronto Dominion, NY Branch.	Samantha: Please assign Credit Suisse and Deutsche Bank and let me know who is handling.
Ellen:  Please send out the confirm ONLY upon receipt of the ENFOLIO	Debra, Dan, and Ellen -. Deal QZ2383.1, with Weirton Steel Corporation, is approved by Credit, subject to the inclusion in the confirm of specific credit provisions.. Debra: This is the deal that we discussed late last week, where you had worked up an ENFOLIO FIRM CONFIRMATION attached below with the credit terms that I had provided.. Jennifer Shipos informs me that the estimated price per Mmbtu is 6.13 for inclusion in the commercial terms section of the ENFOLIO confirmation actual pricing is NYMEX plus 0.31 basis .	Jennifer Shipos informs me that the estimated price per Mmbtu is 6.13 for inclusion in the commercial terms section of the ENFOLIO confirmation actual pricing is NYMEX plus 0.31 basis .	Ellen: Please send out the confirm ONLY upon receipt of the ENFOLIO documents from Debra.
Please call me at  713  853-3399 or Dovie at  713	At the request of Dovie Keprta, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.	At the request of Dovie Keprta, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.	Please call me at PHONE or Dovie at 7 PHONE with any questions or comments you might have.
If any of you have time tomorrow, can you do me this - can you call Harris County Mosquito Control and help me complain?	I have an electric fogger, Amy, if youwould like to use it.. However, i must caution that it does use strong chemicals like the County fogger trucks.. I use it and keep my dog inside for an hour or so until the smell dissapates.. It has worked wonders.. There is also a spray that youjust hook up to you hose and spray your yard, bushes and under your house.. It is non-toxic and works really well also.. Let me know if you would like to use the fogger.. Amy Alistair barnesfamilyus prodigy.net wrote:. I hate to do this, and do not want to put anyone out, but I need some help.. The mosquitoes are terrible.. It is hurting me to look at Kendall my son any more, as the number of bites on him have gone into the double digits.. I cannot imagine that we are the only ones suffering from these nasty little pests, and I want to do something about it.	I cannot imagine that we are the only ones suffering from these nasty little pests, and I want to do something about it.	If any of you have time tomorrow, can you do me this - can you call Harris County Mosquito Control and help me complain?
Please send me your resume or call me.	Mike:	Mike:	Please send me your resume or call me.
Please send out both numbers and codes			Please send out both numbers and codes
Can you please rebook Q80051 due to us having an Executed Master Agreement	Jason,	Jason,	Can you please rebook Q80051 due to us having an Executed Master Agreement with a different entity name and under ECC rather than ENA.
Dean - please review item 2 for accuracy   completeness.	Gentlemen, attached is a first cut on the offering memo for the Gomez lateral.. My intent on the sale process is this:. 1.. Offer memo sent to prospective buyers 2.. Buyer submits non-binding bid late March / early April 3.. TW reviews bids, those accepted must sign confidentiality agreements to do site visit / record review.. 4.. Buyer submits binding bid / TW negotiates final sale subject to Creditor Committee approval. For the offer memo, I need you to review the brief for any material mis-statements.. Bill - please review item 6 for completeness.	Bill - please review item 6 for completeness.	Dean - please review item 2 for accuracy completeness.
Please call Mike Moscoso and get the report on the Executive reports			Please call Mike Moscoso and get the report on the Executive reports website.
Please call me with any	Mark,. I think I need some help reconciling what Steve Richman has and we have booked for the HUB deals.. He sent me a spreadsheet with deals but I cannot even come close to tying them out to what we have booked in Tagg.. Richard suggested I contact you since Steve is out.. Attached is a list of deals we currently have booked in Tagg for the HUB deals.. They need to be verified before I can calc them for value and positions.. I will be out tomorrow, returning on Monday.. Thanks for your help.	Thanks for your help.	Please call me with any questions.
Please respond as soon	Dear Real-Timers,. We are having the same problem with Montana Power s checkout as we had last month: the volume of disputes is overwhelming!. !. I have looked at the Inc sheets and found that EnPower matches the Inc. sheets.. But in fairness to MPC s disputes, last month when I trusted the Inc sheets, and I pulled the tapes, I found that our Inc. sheets were wrong in a number of places.. Mike and I are doing the March 2001 checkout and are having trouble finding your logs, your notebooks, or any information regarding the dates in question.. I am listing below the dates and HE that we are having disputes for.. Please look at your logs and let me know the MW value, price, and who you spoke to at MPC at what time.. Please do not give me what the Inc sheets say, as Mike and I have already looked at them.. I expect an answer from each of you ASAP.. 3/01/01 Meyers / Guzman HE 1 sold to WESCO HE 4 sold to PowerEx 3/02/01 Causholli/Salisbury sent to Holden HE 8 sold to Sempra 3/06/01 Meyers/Salisbury Solberg/Harasin HE 13 2 deals HE 21 sold to Snohomish 3/08/01 Meyers/Harasin HE 1 sold to Sempra HE 2 sold to Sempra 3/10/01 Causholli/Solberg Slinger/Guzman HE 7 not in INC, but in EnPower HE 8 sold to Powerex HE 15 slod to PSPL 3/11/01 Meyers/Guzman HE 8 sold to PowerEx HE 9 sold to PowerEx 3/13/01 Causholli/Porter HE 9 sold to WESCO 3/14/01 Salisbury/Meyers/Linder HE 2 2 deals 3/16/01 Salisbury/Porter Causholli HE 4 sold to SCL HE 20 sold to PSPL 3/21/01 Porter/Guzman HE 6 not in Inc 3/23/01 Meyers/Linder HE 13 sold to WESCO 3/28/01 Salisbury/Slinger Dean HE 5 sold to PSPL. As you can see, the number of dusputes is too large.	As you can see, the number of dusputes is too large.	Please respond as soon as possible so that we can chack out this week.
Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and th	Original Message. Executive Committee Weekly Meeting. Conf.. Call: 09AT T lines have been reserved.. Please contact Sherri Sera 7 13/ PHONE or 20 09 09Suzanne Danz 713/ PHONE for the weekly dial-in number and passcod e.	Please contact Sherri Sera 7 13/ PHONE or 20 09 09Suzanne Danz 713/ PHONE for the weekly dial-in number and passcod e.	Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and th rough what medium.
Please submit an eRequest for the access request  all 5-7 people can be	I just did a request to get Angela Davis in the Houston Office and Linda Sietzema and Sharon Crawford in the Calgary offices edit access to the Financial Trading Agreement Database.. I also requested that Marcus Nettelton get edit access to the ENA Legal Online Trading Database.. I m not sure if I did the erequest all ok. Can you check to make sure your got all four?. Thanks!. Good afternoon,	Good afternoon,	Please submit an eRequest for the access request all 5-7 people can be placed on one request .
Please respond to this if there needs to	Dear Alumni, This is the first of many emails that will hopefully bring together the actives and Alumni.. This directory list was created to benefit Alumni with knowledge of semester activities.	This directory list was created to benefit Alumni with knowledge of semester activities.	Please respond to this if there needs to be a correction in email address or otherwise.
Please draft a letter to the guy listed in the first email below  Hartzell at			Please draft a letter to the guy listed in the first email below Hartzell at ITM , using the stuff in Chris email as the body of the letter.
Could you forward to legal/regulatory for review as soon as possible.	Proprietary. Michelle: Here is our changes to the agreement as we discussed on the phone yesterday.	Michelle: Here is our changes to the agreement as we discussed on the phone yesterday.	Could you forward to legal/regulatory for review as soon as possible.
Please call Sara Shackleton at 713-853-5620 at your convenience to discuss	Bill,. Attached for your review are the following documents:. 1 Form of confirmation for an option 2 Form of General Terms and Conditions to the confirmation called Annex A 3 Draft form of legal opinion	1 Form of confirmation for an option 2 Form of General Terms and Conditions to the confirmation called Annex A 3 Draft form of legal opinion	Please call Sara Shackleton at PHONE at your convenience to discuss these documents.
Please respond to  Application Service Providers Help 20			NW on Application Service Providers ApplicationService bdcimail.com on 20 03/09/2000 11:01:47 AM Please respond to Application Service Providers Help 20 NWReplies bellevue.com To: vkamins enron.com cc: 20 Subject: What 01,s holding back ASP adoption?
Please forward this deal alert along to your friends.	For the week of Thursday, October 25, 2001: LowerMyBills.com Compare Prices of Long Distance Carriers Save!. IMAGE We searched for the lowest Long Distance rates available and found this great plan: ?. 4.5?/Min.. 24/7 ?. 100 FREE Minutes ?. No Monthly Fee ?. No Contracts Compare the best plans for FREE!. Enter your area code and the first three digits of your telephone number.. IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE - - XXXX IMAGE IMAGE IMAGE 80 of the U.S. Can Save On Selected Plans ?. 2001 LowerMyBills.com, Inc.. IMAGE Important subscription information Your privacy is extremely important to us.. You are receiving this offer because you are a registered subscriber to one of our affiliate sites and have requested to receive recurring mailings.. As a leader in permission-based email marketing, we are committed to delivering a highly rewarding experience with offers that include valuable discounts, bargains, special offers, sweepstakes, entertainment, travel and financial opportunities.. However, if you feel you have received this message in error or if you wish to unsubscribe, please see the remove instructions at the end of this message.. Thank you for reading our special offers!	Thank you for reading our special offers!	Please forward this deal alert along to your friends.
Please send you updated contact information to	Dear Enron Assignee,. As Enron Global Employee Services has previously indicated, arrangements have been made with PricewaterhouseCoopers to continue expat/inpat tax services for the 2000 and 2001 tax years.. As contact information may be changing over the next few months, please be sure to provide the updated information to PwC.. We will be distributing 2001 tax data organizers via email and will require an active email address.	We will be distributing 2001 tax data organizers via email and will require an active email address.	Please send you updated contact information to enron.houston.ias us.pwcglobal.com
Please do this asap because s	Original Message. Hola cabrones, Ok, aqui esta el plan!. Due to some very important people dragging their bum s things have changed slighty.. We will now be going to Playa del Carmen.. Ma ny of us have been there before.. It is a great place and well situated.. The hotel is called the Rui Playa and the price is 585.00 smackeroos all incl usive.. It is a fun jet package I found through Way to Go Travel agency here in town.. It is a very nice place and I urge everyone going to look at the funjet travel site and check it out.. There is two people to a room and we c an work out when we get down there who s bunking with whom.. Again the dates are leaving Thursday September 6th returning Sunday the 9th.. Please call Elizabeth at Wat to Go Travel at PHONE and work out paying.. They can either send you the ticket or you can pick it up.. Don and I have already r eserved our places and I have left a list of those that have confirmed to m e with Elizabeth.. They are as follows.. My!. cell phone is PHONE pleas e call me for anything.. If I left anyone out please inform me all we need t o do is give her the names.. For those of you who may have to cancel I sugge st buying the ticket insurance it s only 35.	For those of you who may have to cancel I sugge st buying the ticket insurance it s only 35.	Please do this asap because s ure as shit the prices just like morning wood will rise again.
tickets, please call Andrew Rubia at  309  457-3069.	Dear Alumni,. ZBT s main focus for this school year is to reconnect with our alumni.. We will be e-mailing you periodically about events you might be interested in attending throughout the school year.. If you know of any other alumni who aren t receiving our e-mails, conatct us and we ll add their names to our e-mail data base.. Thanks, Jerone Tyler web-master ZBT. ZBT to host Benefit Concert. We, the Brothers of Zeta Beta Tau, members of the Monmouth College community wish to, in an entertaining manner, give back to the community that has thus far supported us so well.. In order to accomplish this, the Brothers of ZBT will host a Benefit Concert which will provide excellent entertainment for the entire community while raising money for an important local organization, Jamieson Center.. The Jamieson Community Center is a private, non-profit human service agency that caters to the needs of the residents of Warren and Henderson Counties of Illinois.. Present services offered by the Jamieson Community Center include a Thrift Shop, emergency food pantry, emergency services, Christmas Store and Christmas Baskets, childhood immunizations, SHARE Food Program, meals for seniors, summer feeding services for children, Women Infants and Children, domestic violence counseling, and much more.. Jamieson Center provides thousands of instances of assistance each year to persons of all ages with a variety of needs.. On November 10th Zeta Beta Tau will be holding the philanthropic event for the Jamieson Community Center.. The ZBT Benefit Concert will be a combination of musical performances by members of the Zeta Beta Tau Fraternity, students and faculty members of Monmouth College.	The ZBT Benefit Concert will be a combination of musical performances by members of the Zeta Beta Tau Fraternity, students and faculty members of Monmouth College.	To reserve tickets, please call Andrew Rubia at PHONE .
To reply to our email administrator directly, please send an	Please let me know your availability ASAP for a conference call with Debbie to discuss the Pompano and Deerfield agreements; we need to submit something to the City Attorney in Deerfield Beach on Monday afternoon.. Rebecca C. Medley PHONE Assistant to Debbie M. Orshefsky and Frank Schnidman. The information contained in this transmission may contain privileged and confidential information.. It is intended only for the use of the person s named above.. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any review, dissemination, distribution or duplication of this communication is strictly prohibited.. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply email and destroy all copies of the original message.	If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply email and destroy all copies of the original message.	To reply to our email administrator directly, please send an email to postmaster gtlaw.com.
I ve misplaced your direct line - could you email it to me?	Hi Nancy,	Hi Nancy,	I ve misplaced your direct line - could you email it to me?
scuss this further, please call me at 33143.	Kevin and Rogers,. After meeting with Ader yesterday to discuss some LSE topics and sending hi m a polite, to the point email, I received this email response from him.. T his email completely misrepresents what was dicussed and makes me look bad to management.. I am about ready for war, so I think it is better that some one else look at this before I do something to get fired.. I have never bee n so completely disgusted with someone who is supposed to be a figure of re spect and authority, and is a Vice President at a company like Enron.. My e mail was addressed to Ader and Bernstein and copied Rogers and Nancy Hetric k since these are the people who have knowledge of the subject matter.. For him to copy the people he did, and hide behind his contacts, while lying a bout our conversation, and skewing it in a manner in which I would never ac t, is inexcusable.. I would expect more from a 4th grader.. Sorry for the r anting and raving.	Sorry for the r anting and raving.	Kevin - Rogers is out today, so if you would like to di scuss this further, please call me at 33143.
Mike Day:  please make sure that Mike and Bob are in the loop on any	Yes.	Yes.	Mike Day: please make sure that Mike and Bob are in the loop on any and all filings.
Please begin the expedited process to get Danny McCarty, EB1352, set up with a Blackberry.			Scott, Fawn, Please begin the expedited process to get Danny McCarty, EB1352, set up with a Blackberry.
also please provide me with the addresses and contacts for Sections 25.1	Attached is an e-mail that Lee circulated on February 12 regarding Exhibit A to the City of Austin Agreement.. It makes changes to the values in the 2/12 draft and the values that Kay faxed to me yesterday.	It makes changes to the values in the 2/12 draft and the values that Kay faxed to me yesterday.	Eric, please let me know which values to insert in the agreement and also please provide me with the addresses and contacts for Sections 25.1 and 25.3.
To reply to our email administrator directly, please send an	Per David Layman s request, attached are clean and blackline versions of the POA documents.. The information contained in this transmission may contain privileged and confidential information.. It is intended only for the use of the person s named above.. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any review, dissemination, distribution or duplication of this communication is strictly prohibited.. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply email and destroy all copies of the original message.	If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply email and destroy all copies of the original message.	To reply to our email administrator directly, please send an email to postmaster gtlaw.com.
please check schedule and get back to Irwin s office.			please check schedule and get back to Irwin s office.
Please review and comment.			Please review and comment.
Please review and let me know what you think.	This was the last e-mail from Leslie on the topic.. We talked afterwards and I thought she was going to talk to Andy about this but never heard back.. As per my voice mail and Mark s e-mail, Mark would prefer to eliminate NetWorks from the review process.. Do you think Andy will object to eliminating NetWork s from the process?. Instead, he prefers to instruct all traders to flow all necessary documentation through Mark Greenberg or myself to ensure consistent legal review.. I have revised the policy accordingly.	I have revised the policy accordingly.	Please review and let me know what you think.
Please investigate this to rectify this situation.	For the last two nights, the hourly desk night crew was unable to view/print the scheduling activity report SAR for the northeast hourly book.. This report provides detail as to whether or not the book is flat net megawatts for the day.. We were able to view and print the SAR report for the remaining hourly books ERCOT, southeast, midwest .. Why is this problem persisting?	Why is this problem persisting?	Please investigate this to rectify this situation.
Please approve and auotschedule annuities.	Kate,	Kate,	Please approve and auotschedule annuities.
Could you forward this	Jennifer: I got a call from Chris Bailey sp?. needing a summary of California dereg for a presentation s that Harold s assembling.. Attached is summary that Mona pulled together for Harold a couple of months ago.. I don t have Chris email address I ve left him a message .	I don t have Chris email address I ve left him a message .	Could you forward this along to him?
with this, please call me.	Attached is a summary of the last two meetings of the External Accountability Subcommittee meetings.. Included is the draft work plan - please review the work plan and convey any comments to Jean and copy me.. Also, you have committed to giving me your stakeholder lists by tomorrow, Friday 3/30 for the Stakeholder Perception survey.	Also, you have committed to giving me your stakeholder lists by tomorrow, Friday 3/30 for the Stakeholder Perception survey.	If you have any questions or difficulties with this, please call me.
If you would be so kind and review the above language and get back to me as	Mark,. I would like to send a letter to the NYMEX copy the CFTC with the following language:. Please be advised that effective July 17, 2000 MGplc was aquired by Enron ??????.. MG London Inc was part of the MGplc group.. Effective October 9, 2000 we have changed our name to Enron Trading Services Inc .. Also, please be advised that the Financial Status of MG London Inc has not changed.. If there are any questions please call me at PHONE .	If there are any questions please call me at PHONE .	If you would be so kind and review the above language and get back to me as soon as possible.
so please check your calendars to see if 10:00 on the 9th will work as a	my flight is at noon so I will be in the office from about 8 until about 11.. Cheryl Nelson Senior Counsel EB38 PHONE . Since we will all be swamped trying to get out of here on time tomorrow, I think we should defer the group meeting.	Since we will all be swamped trying to get out of here on time tomorrow, I think we should defer the group meeting.	I will be out of town on the 16th, so please check your calendars to see if 10:00 on the 9th will work as a substitute.
James, can you please run 2 cases to calculate a backhaul rate to Phoenix using Sun Devil?			James, can you please run 2 cases to calculate a backhaul rate to Phoenix using Sun Devil?
CHRIS - make sure we keep up with this on the morning sheet and that the volume is zeroed out in the system until they actually call on it.	Ok, kids. We SOLD flex CNG Flex deals to El Paso opposite of this month for May.. The sitara deals are as follows:. 737642 - ENA buys 5,000/d baseload from El Paso at CNG SP for Index flat.. 737647 - ENA sells 0-15,500/d to El Paso at CNG SP for Index plus 0.055.. El Paso must take 155,000 for the month.. 737645 - ENA buys 5,000/d baseload from El Paso at CNG SP for Index flat.. 737655 - ENA sells 0-15,500/d to El Paso at CNG SP for Index plus 0.065.. El Paso must take 155,000 for the month.. On deals 737647 and 737655 we sell to El Paso , the volume is in as a baseload of 5,000/d but the expected volume is zero on May 1-21, and 15,500 on May 22-31.	On deals 737647 and 737655 we sell to El Paso , the volume is in as a baseload of 5,000/d but the expected volume is zero on May 1-21, and 15,500 on May 22-31.	CHRIS - make sure we keep up with this on the morning sheet and that the volume is zeroed out in the system until they actually call on it.
Please have this completed prior to October 15.	Sam, Marie and Stephanie:. Would you please finalize all Brokerage Agreements with entries identified as Sent for execution ?. A fully executed agreement should reside in the red file.	A fully executed agreement should reside in the red file.	Please have this completed prior to October 15.
Should you have additional questions, please reply or call.	Good Morning Jeff,. Catherine is out of the office until Tuesday 3/20/01.. Not wanting to keep you waiting for a reply, I thought it best to give you some feedback immediately.. The great majority of CAD s customers in CA are core.. CAD does not knowingly terminate any current customer prior to their expiration date.. The reasons why CAD s customers are turned back to the utility are as follows:. 1 Upon receiving renewal pricing from the CAD rep, the customer chooses to return to the utility.. 2 Understanding that the current minimum margin per meter for our customers is approximately 300, those customers that have extremely low annual volumes are sent attrition letters and turned back to the LDC, at the end of their contract.. We cannot competitively price this type of customer versus the utility, and extract enough margin to support them.. Currently in the California markets PG E, SDG E, SOCAL , there exists approximately 50 customers that have usages so low that given current market conditions, we will not choose to renew the contracts.. The expiration dates for these are between 5/30/2001 and 2/28/2005.. 3 The customer initiates a request for termination prior to the end of their contractual expiration date.. As we are all aware, California customers, specifically those with either an index or NYMEX product, experienced a large swing in their pricing during the past few months.. CAD has been inundated with customers requesting to be returned to their LDC.. Although we seek to satisfy our customer to the best of our ability, returning these customers to the utility is the LAST thing we want to do!!!!!!. !. The steps we have taken to address this issue is to: a work with customer service/credit to offer extended payment options to ease the effect of the increase.. b offer to restructure the customer s contract, and reprice the customer on a fixed price product; minimizing their risk going forward.. c explain to the customer, in more detail, the reasons why this has occurred, and how, going forward, the index/NYMEX pricing has eased.	c explain to the customer, in more detail, the reasons why this has occurred, and how, going forward, the index/NYMEX pricing has eased.	Should you have additional questions, please reply or call.
Please RSVP by replying to this message with a yes or a no.	What day is this on?. Hi everyone!. Thank you to all who attended the MBA presentation last week.. I think it was a great success!. Below are the details for the Rice Partio.... Location: Rice Campus - Herring Hall in front of building, on patio .. Time: 5:30 pm to 7:30 pm Students begin the event at 4:30 pm; however, companies arrive at 5:30 pm Dress: Casual	Time: 5:30 pm to 7:30 pm Students begin the event at 4:30 pm; however, companies arrive at 5:30 pm Dress: Casual	Please RSVP by replying to this message with a yes or a no.
version, please send an e-mail to lyris lists.michbar.org?	If you cannot read today s e-Journal, please visit this link:?	If you cannot read today s e-Journal, please visit this link:?	20 http://www.michbar.org/e-journal/051801.htmlOr to receive a plain text 20 version, please send an e-mail to lyris lists.michbar.org?
Please send on and co-ordinate a 30 minute meeting with Jeff McMahon and Ray			CP, Please send on and co-ordinate a 30 minute meeting with Jeff McMahon and Ray Bowen for discussion.
Please keep me posted about your mom and give her our best.	THAT S GREAT!. I m so proud of you...to want to go out and start making new friends and contacts after a breakup is SO HARD!. You have a really great attitude about all this and I know it must be incredibly hard!. It s so easy to want to stay home and wait for the phone to ring...and so many times, it doesn t. Happy people attract other happy people.. Keep your chin up and come visit us as soon as you can.. Armin has already met with the sprinkler people...so I think the grass when we plant it...Armin just told me it may be too late for this summer will do ok. they have some really weird ideas about growing grass here????. But they have alot of weird ideas about alot of things!!. !	!	Please keep me posted about your mom and give her our best.
Please email me or phone me at 268-6525 to confirm if	Just a note since you were not at the Deputy dinner and unable to get your tickets.	Just a note since you were not at the Deputy dinner and unable to get your tickets.	Please email me or phone me at PHONE to confirm if you re taking tickets for the party and how many .
Please review the attached failure	As part of Mechanical Services ongoing efforts to ensure equipment reliability and employee safety, the following Mechanical Advisory is being distributed to all ETS Operations Teams.	As part of Mechanical Services ongoing efforts to ensure equipment reliability and employee safety, the following Mechanical Advisory is being distributed to all ETS Operations Teams.	Please review the attached failure investigation to determine if there is similar equipment and/or operating conditions that may exist within your Teams area of responsibility.
Please respond to cfi1 tca-us.com			Carl Imparato cfi1 tca-us.com on 06/02/2000 12:41:02 PM Please respond to cfi1 tca-us.com To: lebarrett duke-energy.com, sslavigne duke-energy.com, dcn netwrx.net, tfitchitt newenergy.com, cmiessner newenergy.com, zalaywan caiso.com, eschmid caiso.com, crobinson caiso.com, cdeise apsc.com, tdelawder tucsonelectric.com, ebeck tucsonelectric.com, dbrown1 pnm.com, gmiller pnm.com, bob anderson apses.com, barbara klemstine apses.com, rllamkin seiworldwide.com, steve.huhman southernenergy.com, tom delaney enron.com, marcie milner enron.com, smara enron.com, scott.miller gen.pge.com, rreilley coral-energy.com, lcampbell csllp.com, locb rt66.com, john r orr reliantenergy.com, kewh dynegy.com, jmpa dynegy.com, mbochotorena calpx.com cc: gackerman wptf.org, jdavis apx.com, jim kritikson calpx.com, dmberry calpx.com, frank.derosa gen.pge.com, jim.filippi gen.pge.com, brian.kunz gen.pge.com
This being said, please increase the	Sara, Samantha. I talked to Chuck Kaufman and he had the following concerns from a credit standpoint:. 1 Cross Default- He wanted to lower Enron s cross default to 50MM to equal the amount for Cinergy.. I informed him, this amount has been set by our banks and the Enron Treasurer feels the 100MM is justified.. He has agreed to keep the amounts as they are.. 2 Guaranty s and Guaranty/Collateral Thresholds- a Enron outgoing Guaranty- Enron currently gives a 10MM guaranty to cover two Cinergy entities, Cinergy Marketing and Cinergy Capital.. In my credit worksheet I asked that Enron give them an additional 10MM guaranty to cover this ISDA specifically with the intention of amending the existing guaranty to remove Cinergy Marketing.. After speaking to Chuck I have agreed to tie the existing guaranty to this contract and not use the additional guaranty at all.. Please tie the existing guaranty to the ISDA, I will forward a copy of that guaranty to you, so it can be used as and exhibit.. b Enron incoming Guaranty- Enron currently receives a 10MM guaranty from Cinergy Corp which guaranty s Cinergy Marketing and Cinergy Capital for both physical and financial products.. I allocated 2MM of this guaranty to the ISDA with a 2MM collateral threshold.. Chuck wanted to see their threshold increased to 10MM.. I told them I would agree to this if we received an increase in their guaranty to allow for cushion for other business outside of this ISDA.. He is going to put this requested increase to 12MM into their corporate office.	He is going to put this requested increase to 12MM into their corporate office.	This being said, please increase the collateral threshold for Cinergy Marketing to 10MM.
Leslie - please offer commets/suggestions from the power perspective.	The East Power traders would like to commence transacting on financial swaps.. We had anticipated this, so the Product Type was already built and has been approved.. The Index and Loadshape built with this Product were done so based on comments from John Suarez the trader , who has approved the attached.	The Index and Loadshape built with this Product were done so based on comments from John Suarez the trader , who has approved the attached.	Leslie - please offer commets/suggestions from the power perspective.
Could you please have a look at	Sara,. I m sure that as soon as the technical kinks are worked out, John will want to begin trading European stocks right away.	I m sure that as soon as the technical kinks are worked out, John will want to begin trading European stocks right away.	Could you please have a look at the Instinet agreement, and see what changes might be necessary to facilitate this?
Corp.  Could you please review these confirms and let me know if we need to			Shane Dallman has traded 2 large custom cross currency swaps with Enron Corp. Could you please review these confirms and let me know if we need to make any changes.
Please call me with questions,	they wanted to allocate between LP onshore 20 , Ltd. offshore 80. Paul- we went ahead and did the deal with DKR:. They bought WTI at 25.67and sold NYH 1 at 22.57 Net spread 3.10 CY02 25 contract per month 300,000 bbls in total.. I have requested 50K of initial margin on the deal.. In terms of the deemed ISDA, we agreed to Paul s termination clauses with the amendment.. change 3 to ...NAV exceeds 3 to 1 change 4 to .... 30MM and 150MM, respectively.. Carol- as soon as you can get out the deemed ISDA , I ll let my back office know..	Carol- as soon as you can get out the deemed ISDA , I ll let my back office know..	Please call me with questions, Caroline PHONE
Please email Gina Taylor  gtaylor enron.com  for Post-it note distribution	Sometimes it s the little things that make the biggest impact.. Maybe you ve never stopped to think about it, but for many of us, Post-it notes may be one of our most frequently used communication tools at Enron.. Because of this, every employee received, or soon will receive, a packet of Post-it notes with a thought-provoking quote about communication.. These Post-it notes reinforce the importance of communication at Enron.. The individuals who are quoted on the notepads personify the true meaning of communication.. We hope that as you use these notepads in your daily work, you will think about the importance of communication to the continued success of Enron and work just a little harder at communicating more openly at Enron.	We hope that as you use these notepads in your daily work, you will think about the importance of communication to the continued success of Enron and work just a little harder at communicating more openly at Enron.	Please email Gina Taylor gtaylor enron.com for Post-it note distribution inquiries.
call me at 713.890.8045.	Dear Eric,. I thought you might be interested in Burntsand s latest Xpert Xpress web-cast.. Topic: Automated Trading Exchanges When: Tuesday, December 5th at 10:00am EST and 2:00pm EST.. To Register: Point your browser to.... www.burntsand.com/december05 2000/index.htm. Burntsand e-Business Xpert Xpress features Marc Karstaedt, Vice President, e-Trading for Burntsand who will deliver his presentation Automated Trading Exchanges , a topic of increasing strategic interest within the business-to-business B2B community.. This Xpress is designed to give the business and/or technical executive an appreciation of the various exchange models, success factors and some insight into Burntsand s lessons learned from multiple successful implementations.. Competition is no longer a question of big versus the small or even fast versus slow, - in the new economy it is those that do it well who will succeed!. Marc Karstaedt, VP, eTrading.. Upon the conclusion of the presentation, listeners are invited to ask Marc questions or share their experiences and insights.. Access to the web-cast presentation and a dial in number will be communicated to registrants prior to the event.	Access to the web-cast presentation and a dial in number will be communicated to registrants prior to the event.	If you have any questions about this event, please feel free to email me at lplotkin burntsand.com or call me at PHONE .
please check into this and let me know what s going on?	Chad called and said you guys are requestiing approximately 74,000 MMBtu effective June 1.. I show the number should be 72,240 MMBtu/d.	I show the number should be 72,240 MMBtu/d.	Could you please check into this and let me know what s going on?
1   Please change Consolidated Papers Inc. to  medium  priority.			1 Please change Consolidated Papers Inc. to medium priority.
these risks for the product when they are transacting, please meet with	I agree with Milly s comments and concerns in his attached e-mail.. A few points:. 1.. I would send a clarifying memo, and would speak specifically to Diane Seib and Peggy Hedstom to ensure for the time being that all physical and financial power transactions receive legal review.. This does not mean that Linda/Sharon have to document all of them, rather we can still leave it up to documentation where appropriate.. But a lawyer needs to review all power confirms for the time being physical and financial to make sure that the product is being properly defined.. 2.. In terms of power product definition, Milly has raised valid concerns which warrant legal review, which are market opening risk, change in market rules between now and market opening, and the size of the transactions being entered into.. There is also the inherent risks of the PPA, in essence interrutible risk.. All these risks need to managed at the front end.. i.e.. Once a deal is executed by the trader, the lawyer cannot fix it after the fact.	Once a deal is executed by the trader, the lawyer cannot fix it after the fact.	Although the power traders or originators should already understand these risks for the product when they are transacting, please meet with Davies and Zufferli ASAP to ensure that they are cognizant of these risks when they are transacting.
To remove yourself from this service please login and use the  My Profile  option.	The News Review site, http://www.news-review.co.uk home of Weekend City Press Review, now offers registered users two new features:. All registered users can now:. - do a text search in addition to a company search on the full six-year archive. - and set up favourite companies on their home page for easier and faster access to articles within the Review and the archive which relate to those companies. The best way to keep abreast of the weekend s financial news and views is to receive an email copy of Weekend City Press Review, either via the full Review, or the Clippings relating to specific companies in which you are interested.. Registered users are invited to take up the free offer of a 4 week subscription to any of the services, including PDF delivery of the Review, and the Clippings service.. To login please use this URL: http://www.news-review.co.uk/cgi-bin/gen5?runprog wcpr access PHONE 1086 type login. You can download this weekend s Full Review free of charge at http://www.news-review.co.uk/freepdf.pdf from 8pm UK time this Sunday. Your username for this service is vkaminski If you have forgotton your password you can retrieve it at http://www.news-review.co.uk/cgi-bin/gen5?runprog wcpr type remindme	Your username for this service is vkaminski If you have forgotton your password you can retrieve it at http://www.news-review.co.uk/cgi-bin/gen5?runprog wcpr type remindme	To remove yourself from this service please login and use the My Profile option.
Please forward to Cindy and ask her to call me to discuss.	Marie,	Marie,	Please forward to Cindy and ask her to call me to discuss.
Please get this file	Robert, This is the file that I referenced in my last email.	Robert, This is the file that I referenced in my last email.	Please get this file going again.
Please approve Dutch for ICE			Please approve Dutch for ICE
Please fill in the following cells:			Kevin, Please fill in the following cells:
Can you help me answer this question?			Greg: Can you help me answer this question?
Put this on Kevin s review...THAT HE HELP YOU ANSWER QUESTIONS IN THAT			Put this on Kevin s review...THAT HE HELP YOU ANSWER QUESTIONS IN THAT MEETING WITH SARA BOLKEN MILLICAN ASSOC.
can you pls check on that.	We just changed the deal - it was input correctly, but the computer did not change the time zones correctly.. That s why we were off 25 MW.. I ll let Duong Luu know of the problem.. Thanks, Kate. i was talking about the total mws, they have 23,775, we have 23,800. i think they entered the strips wrong.	i was talking about the total mws, they have 23,775, we have 23,800. i think they entered the strips wrong.	can you pls check on that.
Can you please look at the following confirm and let me know if	Hi Mark, I work in the power documentation group and create power financial confirms.	Hi Mark, I work in the power documentation group and create power financial confirms.	Can you please look at the following confirm and let me know if anything needs to be changed?
Can you pull Tori K. s and Martin Cuilla s resumes and past performance	Ina,	Ina,	Can you pull Tori K. s and Martin Cuilla s resumes and past performance reviews from H.R.
Please change the prices in Sitara for December 2001 as follows:	James,	James,	Please change the prices in Sitara for December 2001 as follows:
Can you run your analysis on the 1P volumes  guaranteed, firm volumes  and	John, In regard to our previous discussions regarding the floating tariff and related swap for the offshore floating production system financing, we are now in the Phase II bidding process for Devil s Tower.. Attached is the production profile for Devil s Tower.	Attached is the production profile for Devil s Tower.	Can you run your analysis on the 1P volumes guaranteed, firm volumes and advise us of your findings floating oil and gas tariffs .
Please follow up.	Joe, I will forward his voice mail to you.. EES has enough challenges in NA and Europe before tackling retail products and services in a market with no wholesale market.	EES has enough challenges in NA and Europe before tackling retail products and services in a market with no wholesale market.	Please follow up.
can you follow up with the Forum group for me.			can you follow up with the Forum group for me.
-  Read each point, ask the group to police itself	SK - I printed this out for you put in your mail folder.. mm. Stan and Steve,. Thanks again for serving as Chairs for the upcoming PRC meetings.. I ve talked with Terry and Ted, and we suggest that you use the following points to open each of the meetings.. If you have questions please feel free to contact any of us.. I ve also attached an updated set of Ground Rules to replace in your binder.. Thanks, Billy. Analyst Associate Mid Year 2000 PRC Meeting Chairperson Introductory Comments. ?. Good Morning and Welcome ?. Quick Introductions Around the Room ?. Schedule for the Day - 3 Groups First Year Analysts, All Other Analysts, Associates - Housekeeping breaks, restroom locations, food, etc.. - Scheduled to go from 8 am until finished - reach consensus on each of 3 groups ?. Roles of the Participants - Chairperson Make Introductions, Enforce Ground Rules and Distribution - Facilitator Terry Bosien - Manage and Facilitate the Meeting - PRC Reps Provide representation of accomplishments and areas for improvement - Analyst Associate Committee Members Program awareness, cross-calibration - Analyst Associate Program Management Program awareness, cross-calibration ?. Importance of the Process - PRC is at the heart of the meritocracy - Rewards and feedback impact our most important source of new talent - What s at stake - depends on anniversary date, decisions on tenure / promo based on first review after anniversary date, bonuses based on year-end ?. Distribution of Ratings ?	Distribution of Ratings ?	The Ground Rules - Revision attached, please replace in your binder - Read each point, ask the group to police itself ?
Please add this to my calendar and send a fax with all of	CP, Howdy from Tokyo.	CP, Howdy from Tokyo.	Please add this to my calendar and send a fax with all of my new commitments and parties to chris via home fax.
Finally, please finalize the memorandum on termination and	Attached are the swap forms we have utilized in round one of the raptor off balance sheet swap project.. I have tried to clean them, and have also incorporated comments received thus far from Kirkland Ellis, firm for Talon.. Please review these forms and provide any further comments or suggestions to them by Tuesday morning of next week.. As I mentioned, we plan to forward to you proposal sheets as and when received for all the remaining swaps to be placed into the raptor vehicles for preparation of the swaps by your firm.. We should know more about the timing of the next round of swaps next week.. As other and varied investments may be placed in the vehicles, we will ask that your firm develop the forms to be used on the basis of the proposals and any documents applicable to the underlying investment.	As other and varied investments may be placed in the vehicles, we will ask that your firm develop the forms to be used on the basis of the proposals and any documents applicable to the underlying investment.	Finally, please finalize the memorandum on termination and forward to my attention next week, if possible.
Please call so that we can discuss.	Peter or Paul	Peter or Paul	Please call so that we can discuss.
Please respond to  Darron Giron   dgiron1 pdq.net			Darron Giron dgiron1 pdq.net on 10/01/2000 10:21:33 PM Please respond to Darron Giron dgiron1 pdq.net To: dgiron enron.com cc: Subject: Fw: FW: Paul Harvey Story ...Probably Should Circulate This One...
intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us	FYI, Sara. Lin - please put on SFA file - thanks. Forwarded by Paul Simons/LON/ECT on 17/08/2000 13:35. Forwarded by Jon Barrett/MGLTD London/MGLTD on 07/08/2000 11:31. eSafe Protect Gateway tm has scanned this mail for viruses, vandals and suspicious attachments and has found it to be CLEAN.. File: 62cy01!.DOC 38,400 bytes Encoding: Base64 Result: Clean.. Attached is a draft of the memo we discussed on the proposed FX business.. Please call or e-mail with any questions.. Best regards.. This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential.	This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential.	If you are not the intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us immediately.
Can you verify with Mark that there were two identical trades done on Jan 8,			Kate- Can you verify with Mark that there were two identical trades done on Jan 8, 2001
Please reply to confirm, and I will process accordingly.	Hello,. Per my conversation with Doug, I would like to confirm the following credit approvals.. - Cross Timbers Energy Services, Inc has been rejected by credit, but has been approved for view access only.. - Tenaska Marketing Ventures has been approved by credit.	- Tenaska Marketing Ventures has been approved by credit.	Please reply to confirm, and I will process accordingly.
Please review the GTC s for the Canadian FX product.			Please review the GTC s for the Canadian FX product.
Please go to the link at the bottom of this message to sign your	Dear Eric,. We scored a major victory for election integrity this past Sunday when Florida certified the election results in George W. Bush s favor.. I want to thank you for being one of the 325,000 plus Americans who joined the petition campaign at ElectionIntegrity2000.com to Certify the Bush Victory.. Unfortunately, Al Gore has flatly refused to accept the fair and just election results.. Instead, he is pursuing a calculated course of action intended to overturn the will of the voters and the CERTIFIED election results.. Included in these actions are his attempts to attack and discredit military absentee votes cast for George W. Bush while simultaneously using manipulative hand-counting techniques to convert so-called dimpled chads into votes for Gore.. This is not fair, it is not right, and the American people won t be fooled by the attack dogs and spin-doctors sent by Al Gore to crowd the airwaves on his behalf.. What Gore is doing is WRONG.. And every day that he continues to contest this election -- whether it be in the courts or in the media or anywhere else -- further frustrates and angers a clear majority of American citizens.. That s why Election Integrity 2000 has started up a new campaign to collect online letters and send them to Al Gore urging him to concede the election NOW!. Al Gore always claims to be listening to the will of the people.. The fact is, WE are the people, and he is about to hear from us in a big way.. But just in case this isn t enough, we ll also be sending daily press releases to the leaders in the House and Senate as well as the major news media informing them about the overwhelming response we are receiving from American people demanding that Al Gore concede.. Eric, this is a personalized message just for you.	Eric, this is a personalized message just for you.	Please go to the link at the bottom of this message to sign your letter to Al Gore.
further comments from you or those copied on this Email, please incorporate	I have marked my suggested changes red to the latest draft warranty clause attached below which also includes GE s previous comments blue .	I have marked my suggested changes red to the latest draft warranty clause attached below which also includes GE s previous comments blue .	Absent further comments from you or those copied on this Email, please incorporate this markup into the standard contract.
Please make a note that most hotels require a minimum length of stay of four	We are already receiving several inquiries regarding the upcoming Presidential Inauguration.. Enclosed is information pertaining to everything from hotel accommodations and travel to the Texas State Society Black Tie and Boots Inaugural Ball, which is the official Presidential Inaugural Ball for the State of Texas.. Furthermore, I would like you to notice that several of the hotels in Washington, DC are not taking reservations until November 8, 2000.. In order to reserve a room for the Inauguration, you might want to begin calling hotels at the open of business on that day.. You will find a compiled list of many hotels on pages four through six in the attached information.	You will find a compiled list of many hotels on pages four through six in the attached information.	Please make a note that most hotels require a minimum length of stay of four nights.
Please forward it to me here.	I have transferred to the Calgary office.	I have transferred to the Calgary office.	Please forward it to me here.
Please read the following:	We need your help.	We need your help.	Please read the following:
Also, could you please send me a copy of	Vicki: I believe that it was and I m checking with Chris Long on this.. As soon as I hear back from him I will call you.. Also, I m having my assistant look into where those materials that you sent ended up.. Thanks.. Carol St. Clair EB 38 PHONE Phone PHONE Fax carol.st.clair enron.com. Carol, it would help if I knew what was on the table.. For example, does the proposed amendment already redefine forward contracts?. Give me a call.. Thanks.. Vicki: Let me know what you want to do.	Vicki: Let me know what you want to do.	Also, could you please send me a copy of Melanie s memo?
Please call or e-mail when you get a chance.	Kate,. I will have someone look into this problem soon.. Will Smith x37486. I ve run across what seems to be a glitch in Deal Blotter; although it may be caused by the default settings in a specific trader s blotter.. A few times over the last several weeks, our traders at the Short Term Southwest desk have entered off peak deals by choosing the off selection under the Hours heading.. But the mask doesn t change to include Sundays and Holidays, and the traders then enter another deal to compensate for this.. What we ve found then is that the original deal did in fact include a strip for Sundays and Holidays, round-the-clock hours.. My question is - when you enter an off-peak deal in Deal Blotter, does it automatically read that as Mon.. through Sat.. off-peak hours AND Sundays and Holidays round-the-clock?. Even though the mask does not change to show Sundays and Holidays?. I m just wondering if there is an easier way to assure that we ve entered off-peak deals correctly other than double-checking them in Deal Entry.	I m just wondering if there is an easier way to assure that we ve entered off-peak deals correctly other than double-checking them in Deal Entry.	Please call or e-mail when you get a chance.
Lysa please forward this to everyone on the California crisis contact list.			Lysa please forward this to everyone on the California crisis contact list.
Just call me before you go to	I d like to be there around 7 if that s when it starts.. But we probably don t need to leave here until 6:30-6:45ish.	But we probably don t need to leave here until 6:30-6:45ish.	Just call me before you go to class and let me know when you ll get out and I ll meet you downstairs.
copy, use or disclose this communication to others; also please notify the	This message and any attachments are intended for the individual or entity named above.	This message and any attachments are intended for the individual or entity named above.	If you are not the intended recipient, please do not read, copy, use or disclose this communication to others; also please notify the sender by replying to this message, and then delete it from your system.
COuld you please send me info so that if I am not already on another	Jeff--I must not be on the e mail distribution list for the Monday California call.	Jeff--I must not be on the e mail distribution list for the Monday California call.	COuld you please send me info so that if I am not already on another call yes, I know, I am a pretty popular gal I can jump on yours.
Please forward me a copy of the model after you have incorporated the changes	Ben:	Ben:	Please forward me a copy of the model after you have incorporated the changes Scot sent you below.
Please respond to  Chris Strickland   chris lacima.co.uk	Chris,. Thanks for the invitation.. I shall be glad to meet you and your family in Sydney at your home.. I am enclosing the draft of my part of the chapter.. It s more than preliminary but I hope to improve it greatly over the weekend.. I shall forward you a new version on Sunday evening my time.. Grant is moving along on his part.. I hope it reduces the penalty to broken knee-caps.. I shall send you a longer message from home to give you an update on my conversations with EPRM regarding the articles.. Vince	Vince	Chris Strickland chris lacima.co.uk on 06/01/2000 07:45:53 AM Please respond to Chris Strickland chris lacima.co.uk To: VinceJKaminski Vince.J.Kaminski enron.com cc: Julie julie lacima.co.uk Subject: Energy Conference - Sydney
PLEASE GIVE ME THE OK.	Al:. Per my voice mail, I have left a message for Mark to give his input.. I think you should revise the letter as follows, subject to Mark s edits:. Please be advised that effective July 17, 2000, MGplc was aquired by the Enron group.. MG London Inc was part of the MGplc group.. Effective October 9, 2000, MG London Inc. changed its name to Enron Trading Services Inc .. Also, please be advised that the Financial Status of MG London Inc now Enron Trading Services Inc. has not changed.. If there are any questions please call me at PHONE .. I NEED TO SEND OUT TODAY.	I NEED TO SEND OUT TODAY.	PLEASE GIVE ME THE OK.
To subscribe to Forrester s Events update, please send an email to	By now you ve received an invitation to attend Forrester s Executive Strategy Forum, November 8-10, 2000, at The Westin Copley Place in Boston, Mass.. This annual Forum showcases Forrester s eBusiness strategy research.. During the two-day event for senior executives, we ll unveil our cutting-edge research on how companies can transform themselves to win in the Internet economy.. Get all the details and register online:. http://www.forrester.com/ER/Events/Upcoming/Overview/0,1550,122,FF.html. Confirmed industry speakers include: G. Richard Wagoner Jr., President and Chief Executive Officer, General Motors Marc Andreessen, Chairman and Co-founder, Loudcloud Louise Kitchen, President and Chief Operating Officer, EnronOnline David Campbell, Ph.D., Smith Richardson Senior Fellow, Center for Creative Leadership Donald Paul, VP, Technology and Environmental Affairs, Chevron Daniel Leemon, Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer, The Charles Schwab Corporation Rohan Champion, Chairman and Co-founder, eTime Capital. For more information, please call our Events line at 1 888/34-FORUM PHONE or 1 617/ PHONE .. Seats at this event are limited, so register online today:. http://www.forrester.com/ER/Events/Upcoming/Overview/0,1550,122,FF.html. Please forward the following information to colleagues who you think would benefit from Forrester s research and events.	Please forward the following information to colleagues who you think would benefit from Forrester s research and events.	To subscribe to Forrester s Events update, please send an email to listserv list.forrester.com with the following command in the body of your message: subscribe Forrester-event First Name Last Name .
Could you give me a brief outline of their scope?	Hi guys,. I want to make sure that you are comfortable with whatever services are being provided by Piper Rudnick, so that there won t be any surprises when the bill comes in.	I want to make sure that you are comfortable with whatever services are being provided by Piper Rudnick, so that there won t be any surprises when the bill comes in.	Could you give me a brief outline of their scope?
Please call Keith	Vince,. We have used the updated RAB with initial RAB around 80 in the simulation.. Zimin. FYI. Vince. I talked with Keith Harris, our CFO at Wessex, about the RAB multiple graph I gave you.. He expressed that the Wessex people had originated the data and that the graph was correct, to the best of their knowledge.. The only but very important correction is that they started the graph at an index of 100 , which does not imply a 100 of RAB multiple.. Rather, the initial RAB multiple was around 80 , implying that the entire line should be taken down by 20 percentile points.. Thus the all time hime in late 98 should be closer to the 1.3x RAB that I had targeted during our discussion.	Thus the all time hime in late 98 should be closer to the 1.3x RAB that I had targeted during our discussion.	Please call Keith if he has not yet contact you.
Also, in a separate email could you send me the C of A?	Hi Pete,. Can you send me the most recent version of the LV Co Gen facility agreement?	Can you send me the most recent version of the LV Co Gen facility agreement?	Also, in a separate email could you send me the C of A?
Check that........please flow at a rate of 30,000 for  6.2  hours to reach the			Check that........please flow at a rate of 30,000 for 6.2 hours to reach the 7800 mmbtu
please respond with the following info, and we will be in touch	Hello!. You recently visited ImproveNow.com http://www.ImproveNow.com , and initiated a free top-down Improve Your Boss or Improve Your Company assessment.. I?m writing today to thank you for your interest in ImproveNow, and to let you know about the new Custom Survey Development services we now offer in response to overwhelming customer requests.. I ll keep the sell copy to a minimum here.. Since you ve used our tools, I know I m preaching to the choir when I tell you that surveys in general -- and online surveys in particular -- are one of the fastest and most powerful ways to bring about improvement in your organization.. ImproveNow.com will work with you to create customized online surveys for your organization that are:. Fast and Cost-Effective Hosted by ImproveNow which saves you Admin / IT overhead Easy to Administer and Interpret Scalable across Multiple Departments / Locations. Our areas of expertise and benefits to you include the following:. Retention-Specific Employee Surveys Employee Retention Employee Opinion Surveys Morale, Communications, Productivity 360-Degree Feedback Surveys Team / Leadership Development Personality Style Analysis Team / Leadership Development Job-Fit Assessments Employee Satisfaction and Retention Exit Surveys Employee Retention. Our Custom Survey Development services are priced according to the scope of the project.	Our Custom Survey Development services are priced according to the scope of the project.	If you think we may be of service, please respond with the following info, and we will be in touch shortly: or, please feel free to contact me directly at the number below
Please assign  it s RMT  and we re waiting to book a trade - See me, it s			Please assign it s RMT and we re waiting to book a trade - See me, it s easier.
Dan, I can t open - please send hard copy.			Dan, I can t open - please send hard copy.
Please have your clients execute the clean version.	Transmitted herewith are: 1 a blacklined version of the Limited Waiver Agreement showing two non-substantive changes that Phil Segrest has requested; and 2 a clean version for execution.. ?	?	Please have your clients execute the clean version.
Please review the	FYI - This Friday 21 not Next. We are planning to file suit against Calpine next Friday.	We are planning to file suit against Calpine next Friday.	Please review the attached draft petition and let me ext.
Please forward this to anyone I ve left off the list.	Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 08/21/2000 11:04 AM. I have scheduled the conference call for Wednesday afternoon at 3:00 CPT.. The call-in information is as follows:. Number: PHONE Passcode: PHONE . I will reserve one of the big conference rooms on 29 so everyone in Houston can participate from the same room.	I will reserve one of the big conference rooms on 29 so everyone in Houston can participate from the same room.	Please forward this to anyone I ve left off the list.
With this change, please print out two copies of the	Exhibit C and Exhibit D. Dan, I will make the change that you refer to on the transaction agreement.. Also, which exhibits need to be signed in conjunction with the firm purchase/sale agreement?. Let me know and I will begin getting them executed.. Thanks, Mike. Dan.J.Hyvl enron.com 12/04/00 01:30PM. Mike, I have reviewed the attached marked copy of the transaction agreement and have gone over the changes with Craig.. Please change the term best efforts which was added in the 14th line of Item 1 under Other to read commercially reasonable best efforts .. This will keep the concept the same throughout the document where we use the term commercially reasonable best efforts .	This will keep the concept the same throughout the document where we use the term commercially reasonable best efforts .	With this change, please print out two copies of the contract and two copies of the transaction agreement and proceed with execution of each.
Please inform them that you are attending the Columbia	Hey dudes, we need someone to attend this.. I m thinking Scott Goodell should go.. Let s chat.. Forwarded by Chris Germany/HOU/ECT on 04/04/2000 12:57 PM. We need to decide who is going ASAP and book our rooms and flights.. Cindy Burnette TCO Rep , said TCO will be covering new capacity release and in the path issues .. It will also touch on ORDER 637,. Thanks. Joanne -. Hope the following answers all your questions.. If not, please do not hesitate to contact me in Charleston PHONE .. The 2000 Spring Customer Meeting is scheduled for May 3 and 4 at the Pittsburgh Hilton and Towers, Gateway Center, Pittsburgh PA.. A block of rooms has been set aside at the Hilton for the meeting.. The group rate for this meeting is 132.00 for single occupancy and 152.00 for double occupancy.. This reduced rate will be available May 2 4, 2000, on an as available basis until April 12.. Reservations requested after this date are subject to availability.. If you contact the hotel directly, the phone number is PHONE or 1-800-HILTONS.	If you contact the hotel directly, the phone number is PHONE or 1-800-HILTONS.	Please inform them that you are attending the Columbia Transmission Segment Spring Meeting.
Please order them the same size as the	Pat:. Recently, I talked with you about ordering another filing unit.. It turns out that we need 2 more filing units.	It turns out that we need 2 more filing units.	Please order them the same size as the floor to ceiling cabinet we have.
To reserve a  seat immediately, please call	This message is brought to you by Infrastructure Asia 2002 Dear Mr J im Steffes, INFRASTRUCTUREASIA 2002 April 24th-26th, 2002?Hong Kong 1 .. How can you partner with governments in Asia to develop infrastruc ture projects?. 2.. How can you offset myriad of project risks in infr astructure projects?. 3.. What are the hottest sectors and countries for infrastructure development?. Answers to all these and more at INFRAST RUCTURE ASIA 2002.. Get the in-depth analysis of financing structuresand th e risks to watch out for in the infrastructure opportunities available in A sia.. Part of the widely acclaimed project finance series of WBR, INFRASTRU CTURE ASIA 2002 presents a line up of speakers and topics like no other co nference in Asia.. With its comprehensive program covering the broad sp ectrum of infrastructure projects in Asia and prominent speakers both from the Government/regulatory bodies and private project developers, it is an absolutely must-attend event for you as a senior infrastructure professio nal.. You hear exclusively from: ?. Kazuo Ueda, Managing Directo r, JAPAN PFI ASSOCIATION, Japan ?. Rajan Krishnan, Deputy Directo r, LAND TRANSPORT AUTHORITY.. Singapore ?. Allard Nooy, Regional D irector, THAMES WATER INTERNATIONAL, Hong Kong ?. Steve Barclay, Assistant Director, Efficiency Unit, HONG KONG SAR GOVERNMENT ?. B enjamin S. Abalos, Chairman, METRO MANILA DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY, Philippi nes ?. Vinayak Chatterjee, Chairman, FEEDBACK VENTURES, India ?. Rod Scriban, President, SNC-LAVILIN INTERNATIONAL INC, China ?. Chandran Nair, CEO, ENVIRONMENT RESOURCE MANAGEMENT Hong Kong ?. Val Southam, National CEO, WASTE MANAGEMENT ASSOCIATION AUSTRALIA, Australia ?. Abha Joshi-Ghani, Senior Financial Officer, WORLD BANK, Thailand Don t miss this chance to attend the Asia s only senior-l evel infrastructure conference.	Abha Joshi-Ghani, Senior Financial Officer, WORLD BANK, Thailand Don t miss this chance to attend the Asia s only senior-l evel infrastructure conference.	To reserve a seat immediately, please call us at Tel: PHONE or email infrastructure wbr.com.sg IMAGE Manisha Mishra Conference Director P.S.
Please prepare language per terms of the attached credit worksheet and 20			Please prepare language per terms of the attached credit worksheet and 20 provide such language to Barry T. and Kim W. for review.
Please review the attached termination letter.			Please review the attached termination letter.
like to discuss any of this in the am, please give me a call.	Gentlemen,. I m attaching what we are calling an override letter to accompany the breakout contracts.. This letter is intended to preserve the lender requirements/accounting treatment from the WestLB agreement so long as the equipment is a part of the financing package.. I believe we also want to address an issue regarding assignment, but we are still discussing Mike s version internally.. Kent, I look forward to talking to you tomorrow at 300 CST.	Kent, I look forward to talking to you tomorrow at 300 CST.	If you would like to discuss any of this in the am, please give me a call.
Please check with the listed supervisor on Jana s list.	I want to keep track of summer interns.. Please make me a desk file.. This list is missing summer interns under Brent.. I have asked Jana to send me an updated list.. I have also sent her a message letting her know that Sheri Thomas now reports into Andy Zipper and that she needs to communicate with Sheri and Andy directly regarding Greg Carlson s internship.. Also, did you keep copies of resumes of the analysts?. Can you pull resumes for the interns that will be assigned to us?. I would like to review them.. I also want to hold a meeting later this week with all supervisors who will have interns reporting to them.	I also want to hold a meeting later this week with all supervisors who will have interns reporting to them.	Please check with the listed supervisor on Jana s list.
Please call us on the options desk to discuss after you ve taken a look at it.	Greg, Attached is a term sheet for the TVA tolling deal.	Greg, Attached is a term sheet for the TVA tolling deal.	Please call us on the options desk to discuss after you ve taken a look at it.
Please respond to Chris.Germany enron.com	Still showing up.. Release number 19858-1 is released to CES for July from Lilco.. Last time I talked with Lilco, they had to release to CES, not ENA.. Does the same apply for July?. Scott. Is this still there?. LILCO said that they did not release to you for June.	LILCO said that they did not release to you for June.	Chris.Germany enron.com on 06/09/2000 03:22:36 PM Please respond to Chris.Germany enron.com
Please give me a call or e:mail me to schedule a meeting to discuss.	I think Rich has told you that I spoke with him yesterday and would like to discuss what it would take to get a new IOS system up and running for TW.	I think Rich has told you that I spoke with him yesterday and would like to discuss what it would take to get a new IOS system up and running for TW.	Please give me a call or e:mail me to schedule a meeting to discuss.
Upon completion, please forward the signed evaluation forms to your HR	Feb 02, 2001. YEAR END 2000 PERFORMANCE EVALUATION FORMS ARE DUE IN HUMAN RESOURCES BY THE ABOVE DATE.. FOR EEL, THE DEADLINE IS JANUARY 31, 2001.. If you have not already done so, please begin the process of giving feedback to your employees.. The evaluation forms used to provide feedback to the employee can be obtained via the Performance Management System PEP .. To download the evaluation forms from PEP, please follow the steps below:. 1.. Log into PEP at http://pep.corp.enron.com .. 2.. Under Supervisor Services, click Supervisor Evaluation Forms.. 3.. Right-click on each employee and choose Save Target As... or Save Link As... 4.. Select your own personal directory, choose a file name to save to and click Save .. 5.. Repeat for each employee.. 6.. Now you can complete your evaluation forms from your personal directory and will not have to access PEP to finalize the form.	Now you can complete your evaluation forms from your personal directory and will not have to access PEP to finalize the form.	Upon completion, please forward the signed evaluation forms to your HR Representative NO LATER THAN Friday, February 2, 2001 Wednesday, January 31, 2001, for EEL .
Please provide 1yr, 3yr, and 5yr price indications including firm capacity.	Kim, please find attached spreadsheet of our anticipated gas usage begining in August of this year.. This plant is currently under development in simple cycle configuration and will be converted to combined cycle operation in the near future.. Its output, 48-60 MW will be sold to the State of California through the water department.. Delivery point for gas will be SDG E city gate.	Delivery point for gas will be SDG E city gate.	Please provide 1yr, 3yr, and 5yr price indications including firm capacity.
To reserve a seat, please call Stephanie E. Taylor at	eSource presents Free Global Energy Markets Presentation:. June.. Global Energy Markets Global Energy Markets is an information service that gives you access to updated information and analysis whenever you need it.. Global Energy Markets provides many different news feeds and data sources in one service.. In addition, Global Energy Markets provides useful online databases for finding articles, projects and companies.. Each service is available by global region.. Services include the Americas, Asia-Pacific, Europe/CIS and the Middle East.. Each service includes four key modules.. The first core module is the energy news.. The news comes from Reuters, Dow Jones, Energy24x, BBC, AP, AFP, and others.. This is an all-in-one regional news service.. The other three modules are useful databases for finding news articles, project information and companies.. The second module is the Global Energy Projects Database.. The third module is the Global Energy News Archive.. The fourth is the Energy Companies Directory.. http://home.enron.com:84/messaging/globalenergymarkets.pdf. Seats fill up fast!	Seats fill up fast!	To reserve a seat, please call Stephanie E. Taylor at 5-7928 No Shows will be charged 50.00 Check the eSource training page at http://esource.enron.com/training.doc for additional training sessions and vendor presentations.
P.S.  Please forward this information to others in your company with			From: Rick Guttroff, AMA Center for Legal Management
Please check out the spreadsheet.	OK Gang:. Well, I 01,ve been crunching numbers all day, and haven 01,t yet gotten to the 20 writing.. I ve attached Dylan s original responses for reference.. Figure 20 it ll be a memo from Time s CEO to the Time Board.. I 01,ve leaving now for Mendocino, but will be back early tomorrow to finis h 20 this up.	I 01,ve leaving now for Mendocino, but will be back early tomorrow to finis h 20 this up.	Please check out the spreadsheet.
Can you check with the trader,	This deal is coded not to be confirmed, but it flows longer than 6 days which is the criteria for creating confirmations.	This deal is coded not to be confirmed, but it flows longer than 6 days which is the criteria for creating confirmations.	Can you check with the trader, and if it should be confirmed, get a contact and let me know.
Please distribute	Mark,. I have forwarded via overnight carrier four originals of a package describing and quantifying all issues with Wildhorse or Tom Brown Field Services related to the San Arroyo Gathering Agreement.	I have forwarded via overnight carrier four originals of a package describing and quantifying all issues with Wildhorse or Tom Brown Field Services related to the San Arroyo Gathering Agreement.	Please distribute one copy to Andrew Edison, one copy to Gerald Nemec, one copy to Scott Josey.
Give me a call sometime about this trade.	Rob	Rob	Give me a call sometime about this trade.
nbsp; If so, please respond to this email with what it would nbsp;take to earn your business.	Hi, Josh Neal here at Tejas Toyota.. nbsp; I was just nbsp;checking in nbsp;to see if I might have overlooked something that I could have done or said to bring you into Tejas Toyota.	nbsp; I was just nbsp;checking in nbsp;to see if I might have overlooked something that I could have done or said to bring you into Tejas Toyota.	nbsp; If so, please respond to this email with what it would nbsp;take to earn your business.
Please contact me	Arco has surfaced again.. They are looking at buying a fixed price for term.. I will be out for a few days.. Kim Ward will be handling this transaction in my abscence.. Her extension is x3826.. I am assuming that we can use the short form of ISDA we used previously.. I am assuming we are OK on credit for up to 1 year.. If longer wie will double check with Tracy.	If longer wie will double check with Tracy.	Please contact me and let me now if this is OK.
to ensure the meeting moves quickly, please provide a pre-rating to me for			In order to ensure the meeting moves quickly, please provide a pre-rating to me for each of your employees.
be sending invitation w/ directions and address - can you send me a copy	Hi Dierdre,. I got your name from Christie Patrick as a contact for the Columbia Women in Business Conference.. Sally Beck will be attending in place of Christie Patrick.. Can you forward me exact address of conference site so I can include on Sally s itinerary.	Can you forward me exact address of conference site so I can include on Sally s itinerary.	I read in your note to Christie that you would be sending invitation w/ directions and address - can you send me a copy also?
Please send EES models to the following address from now on:  EES Power			Group, Please send EES models to the following address from now on: EES Power Settlements .
Please go into the Data Manager in Enron Online and review/approve the new			Please go into the Data Manager in Enron Online and review/approve the new Plastics Product Type.
Please do me and Bob Fisher in the Transport Settlements group a huge	We should not be paying Tenaska s Lone Star transport for Sep. That should be paid by Tenaska IV.. We took over the payments with October production.. D. Hi Guys,	Hi Guys,	Please do me and Bob Fisher in the Transport Settlements group a huge favor......Please let us know when the TXU/Lonestar transport deals for Tenaska IV Texas Partners have been entered into Path Manager for September 2000 .
Kate, can you please correct the fee for del 562195.01,  to .			Kate, can you please correct the fee for del 562195.01, to .
Please call your ICE representative with any questions.	Hourly Power Launched on ICE Tomorrow!. !. As a reminder, IntercontinentalExchange will be launching Hourly Power tomo rrow for all hubs currently traded in the West as well as PJM in the East.. All commissions for Hourly transactions will be waived for one month.. Eff ective December 1, traders will pay a flat fee of 4.00 per side for each t rade.	Eff ective December 1, traders will pay a flat fee of 4.00 per side for each t rade.	Please call your ICE representative with any questions.
Please look at your information and make any corrections necessary and	Hello everyone:. Attached is a draft of the new wallet cards for the Research Group.	Attached is a draft of the new wallet cards for the Research Group.	Please look at your information and make any corrections necessary and return to me.
Will  you track this down with Legal and route it to me for briefing, as I am	Have you seen the fully-executed copy of the subject Agreement with Enron North America Corp.?. It is not listed in the Tracking List.. I was faxed an unexecuted copy by Reliant.. I understand Reliant now has received a fully-executed copy, but we do not have this contract set up in Global.	I understand Reliant now has received a fully-executed copy, but we do not have this contract set up in Global.	Will you track this down with Legal and route it to me for briefing, as I am handling all Reliant and Entex related contracts.
Also, would you email his presentation when you have it available.	Here is a copy of the original email sent to you:. I am contacting you on the recommendation of Pug Winokur, who is on our Board of Directors.. Enron has formed an Advisory Council which consists of academicians, public policy thinkers and media, together with Enron executives.. I would like to invite you to address the group on E-Commerce issues at our next meeting Friday, September 8th in Houston .. Attached is a list of our Advisory Council members.. I think you will find this group interesting and thought provoking.. Please contact me at your earliest convenience at PHONE .. DEBORAH: Please fax me Mr. Pandit s bio.. My fax number is PHONE .	My fax number is PHONE .	Also, would you email his presentation when you have it available.
Please call ME.	fyi.	fyi.	Please call ME.
Therefore, could you please prepare two new guaranties for this	Following up on an original request dated January 31, 2000:. Bridgeline Holdings LLC currently provides a 15MM guaranty to Cinergy Marketing Trading, L.L.C.. Exposures have increased to 27MM and they have requested we provide them with an Enron/Texaco guaranty to make up the difference.	Exposures have increased to 27MM and they have requested we provide them with an Enron/Texaco guaranty to make up the difference.	Therefore, could you please prepare two new guaranties for this counterparty, each with a cap of 15MM, and forward them both by e-mail to me for my records.
Please reschedule my lunch with Dan Fornier at Blakes for next week.	Angela	Angela	Please reschedule my lunch with Dan Fornier at Blakes for next week.
Cathy, please review for your normal grammar and corrections.	All,. Here is the latest draft.. Please make any changes you want and return.. Paper mark up is best.. Also please leave as a separate word document if you do it via email for ease of changing and converting to email late afternoon.	Also please leave as a separate word document if you do it via email for ease of changing and converting to email late afternoon.	Cathy, please review for your normal grammar and corrections.
Also, please add this language to the Issues List as a placeholder -	Alex - Attached is the file on Market Reforms and Credit.	Alex - Attached is the file on Market Reforms and Credit.	Also, please add this language to the Issues List as a placeholder -
Please incease the bonus for Hrgovcic in Vince Kaminski s Research group for			Please incease the bonus for Hrgovcic in Vince Kaminski s Research group for a total of 75,000.
Please keep me updated if any opportunity arises.	Vince and Stinson,. I would like to thank you for helping me trying to find an Internship.. I really appreciate the attention you gave to me.. I am happy to tell you that I found an internship in my area of interest with MFRGroup.. It is a consulting company that provides management consulting, advisory, finance, operations management and information technology services.. I will be helping them to develop a new business related with e-commerce B-to-B.. From now on, I will be concentrating my efforts in finding a full time position, because I will graduate at the end of the year.. I do not want to miss Enron s deadline, and I am still very interested in EnronOnline business.	I do not want to miss Enron s deadline, and I am still very interested in EnronOnline business.	Please keep me updated if any opportunity arises.
Can you please forward to me  fax is fine  all the executed documents for	Hi Tana.. Sorry I missed your call.	Sorry I missed your call.	I am stuck on a long call right now Can you please forward to me fax is fine all the executed documents for NYPA- including the internal Enron opinions that we rely on in our opinion-- and I will have our opinion finalized.
Would you please give Jay a call and	Wendy Gramm an Enron Board member referred Jay Valesquez sp?. to Jeff Skilling about an event in Dallas for Senator Lugar.. The event is Sunday November 19 and Jeff is out of town.	The event is Sunday November 19 and Jeff is out of town.	Would you please give Jay a call and decide what we should do?
Can you provide me with the following information so I can start imaging your pc:	Daren. I m working on the PC you requested.	I m working on the PC you requested.	Can you provide me with the following information so I can start imaging your pc: I will image it with Windows 2000 unless you need NT 4.0
Please grant him access per	I have previously approved this request for chuck ames.. It appears this request is in limbo somewhere in the system.	It appears this request is in limbo somewhere in the system.	Please grant him access per this request for Sitara.
could you please fill out all my junk on htis.			could you please fill out all my junk on htis.
close procedures, please call Fred Tantao 299-2045, Rob Stasi 299-2067, 20	Notice no.. 00-381 November 6, 2000. TO: ALL NYMEX/COMEX MEMBERS ALL NYMEX/COMEX MEMBER FIRMS ALL NYMEX/COMEX CLEARING FIRMS ALL NYMEX/COMEX OPERATION MANAGERS. FROM: Stu Smith, Senior Vice President. RE: Reminder - Exchange Early Closing Schedule for November 22, 2000. Please be reminded that the Exchange will close all markets earlier on 20 Wednesday, November 22, 2000, the day preceding Thanksgiving.. The followin g 20 early contract closing schedule will be implemented:. Commodity and Closing Range. NYMEX DIVISION. Palladium Futures: 11:58 a.m. - 12:00 noon Platinum Futures and Options: 12:08 p.m. - 12:10 p.m.. Heating Oil Futures and Optioins: 12:58 p.m. - 1:00 p.m.. Unleaded Gasoline Futures and Options: 12:58 p.m. - 1:00 p.m. Propane Futures: 12:58 p.m. - 1:00 p.m. Crude Oil Futures and Options: 12:58 p.m. - 1:00 p.m. Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures and Options: 12:58 p.m. - 1:00 p.m. Permian Pool Natural Gas Futures: 12:58 p.m. - 1:00 p.m. Alberta Natural Gas Futures: 12:58 p.m. - 1:00 p.m. Gulf Coast Gasoline Futures: 12:58 p.m. - 1:00 p.m.. COMEX DIVISION. Aluminum Futures and Options: 11:59 a.m. - 12:00 noon Copper Futures and Options: 12:04 p.m. - 12:05 p.m. Silver Futures and Option: 12:04 p.m. - 12:05 p.m. Gold Futures and Options: 12:09 p.m. - 12:10 p.m.. The Eurotop 100 300 contracts will conduct normal trading hours.. The NYMEX Late Submissions Area is scheduled to close at 2:30 p.m. and the 20 NYMEX Trade Correction Area will close at 3:15 p.m., the TMS trade allocati on 20 screens will be available until 4:30 p.m.. The COMEX Division 01,s OLTE Sys tem 20 will be available for corrections until 2:30 p.m.	The COMEX Division 01,s OLTE Sys tem 20 will be available for corrections until 2:30 p.m.	In the event that you 20 require additional time to process work, or have questions regarding early 20 close procedures, please call Fred Tantao PHONE , Rob Stasi PHONE , 20 George Henderson PHONE , Les Faison PHONE NYMEX Division or David 20 Sherman PHONE , Michael Campanelli PHONE COMEX Division .
Please review the content of the	We need to send a cc to his attorney, Jim Keenan.. Attached is the draft of a letter I am prepared to send today, along with a Petition which we discussed last night.	Attached is the draft of a letter I am prepared to send today, along with a Petition which we discussed last night.	Please review the content of the letter and advise of any changes you would suggest.
Please respond to  Julee Malinowski-Ball			Julee Malinowski-Ball jmball ns.net 01/03/2001 02:24 PM Please respond to Julee Malinowski-Ball To: kaplan iepa.com , Jean Munoz jmunoz mcnallytemple.com , Norton Kelli knorton mcnallytemple.com , Rob Lamkin rllamkin seiworldwide.com , kent Palmerton kent.palmerton williams.com , Bob Escalante rescalante riobravo-gm.com , Carolyn Baker cabaker duke-energy.com , Curtis Kebler curtis l kebler reliantenergy.com , David Parquet dparque ect.enron.com , Greg Blue gtbl dynegy.com , Jack Pigott jackp calpine.com , Jeff Dasovich Jeff.Dasovich enron.com , Joe Ronan joer calpine.com , John Stout john h stout reliantenergy.com , Kassandra Gough kgough calpine.com , Lynn Lednicky lale dynegy.com , Nam Nguyen nam.nguyen powersrc.com , Richard Hyde rwhyde duke-energy.com , Roger Pelote roger.pelote williams.com , Stephanie Newell stephanie-newell reliantenergy.com , Sue Mara smara enron.com , Tony Wetzel twetzel thermoecotek.com , William Hall wfhall2 duke-energy.com cc: Susan McCabe sfmccabe mindspring.com , Scott Govenar sgovenar govadv.com , Ron Tom thackbarth govadv.com , Robert Ross robbiz cwo.com , Phil Isenberg Isenberg HMOT.com , Mike Monagan mrmonagan aol.com , Maureen OHaren Oharen HMOT.com , Marie Moretti marie moretti msn.com , Jenn Paulsen paulsen HMOT.com , Jamie Parker jparker HMOT.com , Hedy Govenar hgovenar acom2.com , DJ Smith djsmith smithandkempton.com , Delany Hunter dhunter smithandkempton.com , Cary Rudman cjrudman softcom.net , Bev Hansen bhansen lhom.com , Anne Kelly kelly hnks.com , Chuck Cole ccole advocation-inc.com , Jan Smutny Jones smutny iepa.com , Steven Kelley steven iepa.com Subject: Re: Republican Caucus Energy Briefing
Please take a look at them and make sure I am not missing curves or have included wrong ones.	Per an email from Mike Grigsby, I understand we are splitting the west into two regions.. You are going to be doing the SW and socal per Mike s email.. I am attaching the curve files we have created.	I am attaching the curve files we have created.	Please take a look at them and make sure I am not missing curves or have included wrong ones.
Please take a look at the attached and let me know if anything further.	Mr. Goldsmith -. I have attached below a copy of the updated BETA reflecting the changes you proposed earlier.. I have added some language to your proposals, but have kept the intention intact.. The only additional comments that I will make are that Enron will require a a confirmatory letter from Natsource LLC that the LC posted by Natsource will be applicable to Natsource-Tullet in essence a guarantee letter and b if an LC has already been posted, it will need to be modified so that it will reflect the ability of Enron to realize under it for Natsource-Tullet.. If no LC has been issued, this latter point will need to be handled in any LC issued.	If no LC has been issued, this latter point will need to be handled in any LC issued.	Please take a look at the attached and let me know if anything further.
Please review the comments  they are only 4 pages  and send your comments to	My comments are attached.. I think the pleading is well written, but, as you ll see from my comments, I believe we should be incorporating more of the arguments from the previous pleading.. As you may be aware, the Chief Judge informed the parties to the settlement proceeding this afternoon that he intends to recommend to the Commission that it employ the June 19 rate methodology for the refund period from October 2 forward.. Attached are draft comments that Sarah Novosel and I propose to submit to the Judge and his legal staff tomorrow.. While we would like to convince the Judge that the June 19 methodology is not appropriate, we also provide a fallback approach.	While we would like to convince the Judge that the June 19 methodology is not appropriate, we also provide a fallback approach.	Please review the comments they are only 4 pages and send your comments to us.
can you change deal 27  paribas  today to NYMEX from gas daily			can you change deal 27 paribas today to NYMEX from gas daily
Also, could you send me your homework assignment for me to review and place	Hi Dutch,. This message is to confirm our meeting with you on, Thursday, November 1st from 2:30pm - 4:30 pm, the location will be EB 3241 John Arnold s office.. Attendees will be Monica Brown.. Let me know if it is okay for us to meet in John Arnold s office	Let me know if it is okay for us to meet in John Arnold s office	Also, could you send me your homework assignment for me to review and place into the ECW.
Please call me with any questions.	Attached is the weekly status update for the business setup of enovate.. I have highlighted in yellow those items which had activity this week.. The two most significant outstanding items continue to be completion of the Hub Agency Agreement and agreement and documentation of the transfer price arrangement.	The two most significant outstanding items continue to be completion of the Hub Agency Agreement and agreement and documentation of the transfer price arrangement.	Please call me with any questions.
Please open the attached file to read the complete text of the following			Please open the attached file to read the complete text of the following items:
Could you send a confirm with the language that we used in	Sharen,. We sold to Deseret for May using the NYMEX index that we have done the last several months.	We sold to Deseret for May using the NYMEX index that we have done the last several months.	Could you send a confirm with the language that we used in April.
give me a call when you get this..			give me a call when you get this..
Steve, please provide me a reasonable offer on the C-Gas asset.			Steve, please provide me a reasonable offer on the C-Gas asset.
The number you will need to call-in for the Credit Reserve Model Meeting on	Vince,	Vince,	The number you will need to call-in for the Credit Reserve Model Meeting on Tuesday, February 13 at 4:00 is PHONE .
Also, please make sure to add Vicki Sharpe and Michael Smith of EES on the	These folks will need to be added to the distribution list.. Lysa/Joseph: it s going to be a bit wacky, because, as the note indicates, I m not sure what time the call will be.. Anywhere from about 11 AM to 2 PM PST.. We ll need to keep the number of ports as unlimited as possible, because I have a feeling that the note indicating that there be a meeting will get around, perhaps globally.. As soon as I know what time I ll want to have the call, I will notify Joseph, who will need to set up the call and distribute the info to the original list I sent around plus the names below.. If you two have suggestions on how you d like to handle, like Ross Perot, I m all ears.. Thanks so much for your help.	Thanks so much for your help.	Also, please make sure to add Vicki Sharpe and Michael Smith of EES on the list, too.
Please take this into consideration when allocating and billing the customer.	FYI.. We need to make sure that this kind of communication conitinues to flow downstream.. D. Deliveries to this meter were halted late in the day of January 20.. The customer has maintenance issues that necessitated an earlier than planned turnaround.. It is my understanding from our trader this is another force majure situation resulting in no sale or buyback at this meter commencing with the shutdown.	It is my understanding from our trader this is another force majure situation resulting in no sale or buyback at this meter commencing with the shutdown.	Please take this into consideration when allocating and billing the customer.
John, would you take the lead working with Donna and Bob to cover the meeting on Monday.	Bob, I will be out of the office on Monday, Oct.. 22nd., but Donna and John can work with Williams and the team to meet on MOPS scheduling.. I would like for you to meet with Donna and John before the 22nd to be sure we are comfortable with what information to pass back and forth.	I would like for you to meet with Donna and John before the 22nd to be sure we are comfortable with what information to pass back and forth.	John, would you take the lead working with Donna and Bob to cover the meeting on Monday.
please open the Announcement JGSM icon.	Mr. Kaminski,. You will need to speak with David Kilgore at kilgore rice.edu or by calling David at PHONE regarding getting set up in EMBANET and if you can have access the database from the outside.. Kathy. Kathy, What is EMBANET?. Do I have access from the outside?. To access the Schematic please open the JGSM Area icon on the EMBANET desktop.	To access the Schematic please open the JGSM Area icon on the EMBANET desktop.	Next please open the Announcement JGSM icon.
Could you email me the new sentence on page 2?			Could you email me the new sentence on page 2?
Please email us at clickathomepilot2 enron.com	Pilot Two Members:. Please Note: If you intend to have your PC before 12/25, Dell has informed us that you have a better chance if you order before December 15th.. Happy Holidays!. Questions?	Questions?	Please email us at clickathomepilot2 enron.com
r and add me as Mark E Taylor?			Janette -- would you please revise Mark s group list to delete Mark A Taylo r and add me as Mark E Taylor?
Can you please forward this request to the appropriate person s  to respond to the request.	Vinay, please find a listing of all the Simon Non - pass through electric accounts.. Richard mentioned that there may be opportunities in other states, so I have not narrowed the listing down to Massachusetts.. Please let me know if you need more information.. Bob, Ben - Richard Ring with the Power desk is needing information on accounts under your management, see email below.	Bob, Ben - Richard Ring with the Power desk is needing information on accounts under your management, see email below.	Can you please forward this request to the appropriate person s to respond to the request.
Will you please give your Dad a call at the office at your earliest	Hi Liz -	Hi Liz -	Will you please give your Dad a call at the office at your earliest convenience.
Please call me if there are any	I tried calling you to confirm we are all square on the webtext for Northern but can t track down your ph.. number.	number.	Please call me if there are any problems or concerns.
Please ensure that you make it on time.	Here s the scoop.. Name of Restaurant: Rooster Address: 1101 Valencia Street, cross street is 22nd.. Meeting Time: 6:45pm.. Everybody needs to be present in order to be seated by 7:00pm.	Everybody needs to be present in order to be seated by 7:00pm.	Please ensure that you make it on time.
Please email us the proper forms and the Process Diagram for the payment requests.			Please email us the proper forms and the Process Diagram for the payment requests.
Can you give me more details or email  the plan prior to meeting?	Suzanne,	Suzanne,	Can you give me more details or email the plan prior to meeting?
Please get a copy of the Haywood DASH, so	Chris:. Please forward to me the two underlying agreements the Securities Purchase Agreement and the Project Development Agreement along with amendment 1 to the PDA.. Did we ever receive an executed amendment from AES?. Please call Steve Hasse to follow up.. I d like to get together with you today to go over this so that we can meet with Kay and provide her our commercial input.. We will also need to prepare a DASH for this proposed amendment as it changes the timing and risk of payment relative to the underlying deal.	We will also need to prepare a DASH for this proposed amendment as it changes the timing and risk of payment relative to the underlying deal.	Please get a copy of the Haywood DASH, so that you and I can review it and then provide guidance to credit.
Please call with questions,	Hey folks,. It is time to revisit this relationship, yee haw.......... I have attached an amended credit worksheet , please make the necessary changes to the ISDA.. In additions pay special attention to my comments at the bottom of the worksheet, they pertain to the guaranty s.	In additions pay special attention to my comments at the bottom of the worksheet, they pertain to the guaranty s.	Please call with questions,
Please go into the DataManager and indicate your approval.	This looks good to me so I will go ahead and approve it unless you have an objection.. Forwarded by Mark Taylor/HOU/ECT on 03/23/2000 11:41 AM. I have created the following new Product Type in the Data Manager:. US East Power Phy Firm ICAP	US East Power Phy Firm ICAP	Please go into the DataManager and indicate your approval.
Please make necessary changes to the form of guaranty attached to the Mahonia/ENA confirm to change the party to whom it is addressed from chase to Mahonia.	FYI.	FYI.	Please make necessary changes to the form of guaranty attached to the Mahonia/ENA confirm to change the party to whom it is addressed from chase to Mahonia.
Please meet in 3AC420  Dodsons previous conference room  on Thursday, March			Please meet in 3AC420 Dodsons previous conference room on Thursday, March 15th from 9am to 10am with Scott Laidlaw.
Could you look it over and let	Gerald,. Here is the AEC presentation that Mark was referring to on the message.. We are meeting with them at 11:30 Houston time.	We are meeting with them at 11:30 Houston time.	Could you look it over and let us know what disclaimer would be appropriate?
Please review and comment on attached sample run.			Please review and comment on attached sample run.
Can you please develop a list of questions for Legislative members to ask in	I also heard that Mike Day is working on some thoughts - coordinate with him please.. Jim. FYI: The City of Long Beach has now joined in the law suits.. They ve sued SoCalGas and El Paso claiming like the others who ve sued that the two conspired to kill competition and drive up prices.. I think that we can expect that topic to get some airtime, since the TURN s, Harvey s, UCAN s etc.. of the world will likely be steering all the Democrats.. I ll throw some questions together; but won t be till the end of the day.. Best, Jeff. Jeff --	Jeff --	Can you please develop a list of questions for Legislative members to ask in the Gas hearing?
Please provide whatever assistance you can in getting info to Tracy to			Please provide whatever assistance you can in getting info to Tracy to respond to the attached request.
To reserve a seat, please call Stephanie E. Taylor at	eSource presents free Dow Jones Interactive training. Introduction to Dow Jones Interactive Learn about the content available through Dow Jones Interactive, and how to quickly put it to work for you.. Including setting up your own custom clips and monitoring topics of interest to you.. June.. Advanced Learn how to be more efficient on Dow Jones Interactive.. Put some power tools to work for you.. Learn how to employ codes, use search history, and customize.. Hands on time is provided.. June.. Seats fill up fast!	Seats fill up fast!	To reserve a seat, please call Stephanie E. Taylor at 5-7928
Please, look into this meeting.	Shirley,	Shirley,	Please, look into this meeting.
To view and print out a registration form  send back by fax or mail ,	This message is brought to you by The Texas Exes.. Please do not respond to this e-mail using the REPLY function.. If you have comments or suggestions contact us at programs alumni.utexas.edu To UNSUBSCRIBE see instructions at the bottom.. Dear 1977 UT Graduate:. Come celebrate the Class of 1977 25-Year Reunion on Saturday, March 2, 2002.. It is going to be a fun-filled day of reminiscing with friends and reacquainting yourself with the UT campus.. The day will start at the Alumni Center for a university-wide kickoff, including a welcome from President Larry Faulkner and a continental breakfast.. The reunion is being held in conjunction with the Biggest Open House in Texas , Explore UT!. http://www.utexas.edu/events/exploreut which will be open from 11 am - 5 pm on Saturday.. In addition to Explore UT, the schools and colleges with a few exceptions are holding events especially for their 1977 graduates on the afternoon and/or evening of March 2.. After these receptions, you might want to head back to the Alumni Center for the March 2 Casino Party, sponsored by the Texas Exes Austin Chapter, who are offering a special 25 Year Reunion price!. To view a copy of the schedule and other reunion information including hotel reservation information , visit http://www.texasexes.org/chapters/pdf/Reunion info.pdf	To view a copy of the schedule and other reunion information including hotel reservation information , visit http://www.texasexes.org/chapters/pdf/Reunion info.pdf	To view and print out a registration form send back by fax or mail , visit http://www.texasexes.org/chapters/pdf/Reunion Form.pdf You must have Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print these documents .
Can you in the meantime put in other	Good job, Jane and team.. mcs. Forwarded by Mark Schroeder/LON/ECT on 06/02/2001 09:14. The final Cost-of-Service model for PHONE . This is brilliant Jane and team.. I would like to build a database in DPC to keep this rate filing type info in.	I would like to build a database in DPC to keep this rate filing type info in.	Can you in the meantime put in other columns of info such as number of consumers and the amount of billing for each group.
Upon your review,  please give me a call to	Mr. Easterly:. Further to our conversation, please see the attached draft of a Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement.	Further to our conversation, please see the attached draft of a Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement.	Upon your review, please give me a call to discuss any questions and or comments you have regarding this matter.
grandkids, please e-mail us ASAP at rebeccac.comley mail.state.ky.us.	Jonathan Miller Kentucky State Treasurer. October 2001. Dear Friends:. It all began three years ago - just two parents, sitting at the dinner table, grappling with how to pay for our daughters college education.. One political campaign, two legislative sessions and thousands of hours of preparatory work later, the quandary my wife Lisa and I faced is about to be resolved as KAPT, Kentucky s Affordable Prepaid Tuition, is about to become a reality.. In just one week - on October 15 -- thousands of Kentucky families will be able to join us in taking advantage of the opportunity to enroll their kids in KAPT, which will guarantee the cost of tomorrow s tuition at today s lower prices.. The details are as promising as the headline:. KAPT guarantees payment of full tuition and fees at any public college or university in Kentucky; Benefits also can be used at private Kentucky colleges and other colleges and universities nationwide; Parents, grandparents or other account-holders can pre-pay tuition in one lump sum, or in manageable monthly payments over the course of several years; and Investments grow completely tax-free.. With budget cuts resulting in tuition rising at higher rates, and with the stock market continuing its downward spiral, KAPT could not come at a better time.. The program s guarantee and tax-free status make it a safe and smart investment.. Because we want to give this program the sendoff it deserves, we will launch KAPT amidst much fanfare at a Capitol press conference on Monday, October 15 at 2 PM.. Joining us will be Governor Paul Patton, Senator Mitch McConnell, other elected officials and dozens of Kentucky children who will share the honor of being the first children in the state to enroll in this program.	Joining us will be Governor Paul Patton, Senator Mitch McConnell, other elected officials and dozens of Kentucky children who will share the honor of being the first children in the state to enroll in this program.	If you would like to be a part of this ceremony and sign up your kids or grandkids, please e-mail us ASAP at rebeccac.comley mail.state.ky.us.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Deborah Schneider 83 Elm Street 2 Jamaica Plain, MA 02130 dschneider challiance.org. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please reply  Brent	Please find attached the final versions of the ETA and PA with the changes discussed and agreed on today s conference call.	Please find attached the final versions of the ETA and PA with the changes discussed and agreed on today s conference call.	Please reply Brent Hendry with your approval and let me know if you have any questions/comments Thanks Carlos x5-8705
Please incorporate these changes into the 2000 plan.			Please incorporate these changes into the 2000 plan.
Please forward this information to any one in your organization	The last public seminars that PGS Energy Training will be offering until October have been scheduled at the downtown Houston Hyatt Regency on June 12, 13, 14 15.. Programs listed below .. For more information, call PHONE or visit http://www.pgsenergy.com/schedule.html	For more information, call PHONE or visit http://www.pgsenergy.com/schedule.html	Please forward this information to any one in your organization who might benefit from a better understanding of energy derivatives, gas-to-electricity arbitrage or electric power trading.
Please forward this email on to other members of your group that	Yes it does.. It includes any original guarantees we may be giving or receiving.. Tana:. Does this include original Enron Corp. guarantees?. On the physical side, we have the counterparty sign the Enron Corp. document and therefore have an original.. Let me know.. Thanks,. Jeff. Per the email below, please note that if you haven t been sending your original guarantees to Credit, it appears this should be done so in the future.	Per the email below, please note that if you haven t been sending your original guarantees to Credit, it appears this should be done so in the future.	Please forward this email on to other members of your group that might be responsible for filing original guarantees.
Please verify that all the curves are	Kathy/Brian,. As I m sure you know we are trying to determine what is causing the Canadian VAR to be so high.. One possible cause that we would like your help investigating is the Curve Codes that are being loaded in the position files that are manually loaded into the system each night.. It is my understanding that positions will be correct even if the curves loaded are spelled incorrectly.. However, incorrect curve names will result in the positions not being captured in the VAR calculation.	However, incorrect curve names will result in the positions not being captured in the VAR calculation.	Please verify that all the curves are spelled correctly in all position files.
Please forward this to Steven Schwarzbach if everything looks OK.	Tracy, Attached is the 4th quarter forecast for EGAS.. It is essentially 4Q from 3CE.. This does not include gain/loss on assets sale which right now it would be Greenfield Shipping loss and EcoElectrica gain.. I ll find out the latest for those numbers .	I ll find out the latest for those numbers .	Please forward this to Steven Schwarzbach if everything looks OK.
Martha, please coordinate with	I can fly from Houston to Denver on Thur.. late afternoon or evening so I m available to meet with MMS anytime on Friday.	late afternoon or evening so I m available to meet with MMS anytime on Friday.	Martha, please coordinate with Paul and Mark and get me where I need to be, returning to Omaha on Friday after the meeting Mark is setting up.
Please collect your thoughts and we we schedule a time to get tehm in.	Kay, here s the near to last draft of the form.. Sorry of the delay and thanks for being a sport about it, especially when your dvelope rtypes are needig to get on down the road... Please feel free to work on this, but please don t distribute this as our form, as you can see from the note below that we still have a way to go before it is the form ,but remaining work is limited to speific content here and there, typos ,and some litigation sturff.. The structure will remain, so you can safely work into this the West LB stuff.. John R. asked that you and he have a chat about the directionyou are headedand hwo to coordinate the changes that need to be made - in terms of substance as awell as drafting - to get to an standard set of changes for the off balance sheet work.. I would be glad to participate.. Here s the next to last iteration of the form contract before we christen it officially FORM 2000 - Rev.. 00 ,clean and compared.. John R will need to take this, diddle with it, and use the product PDQ for a couple of crisis applications, but before it becomed and gets advertized as Form 2000 I woanted to collect last comments from you guys and get some fine tuning from our litigation mangers onthe arbitration and dispute resoluton materials, which is to be on my desk by the end of the day.. Because of Johnnie s urgencies, I did not have the chance to pretty up format and section and page numbers, please forgive.. We will get it next time.. You guys also have the un-revised draft exhibits.. I think Rigby was to revise to try and revise them to fit the form - I await the draft exhibits withbaited breath.	I think Rigby was to revise to try and revise them to fit the form - I await the draft exhibits withbaited breath.	Please collect your thoughts and we we schedule a time to get tehm in.
verification is required please request a hard-copy version.	Hi.. The Market Risk Meeting has been scheduled for Wednesday, February 6, 2002 at 10:00 a.m. Houston Time.. The dial in information is as follows: Dial In Number: PHONE Freephone within the U.S.: PHONE Pin Number: 183668 Mercy, please reserve a conference room for those participants in Houston.. Thanks.. jm. Visit our website at http://www.ubswarburg.com. This message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named.. If you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate, distribute or copy this e-mail.. Please notify the sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this e-mail by mistake and delete this e-mail from your system.. E-mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error-free as information could be intercepted, corrupted, lost, destroyed, arrive late or incomplete, or contain viruses.. The sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message which arise as a result of e-mail transmission.	The sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message which arise as a result of e-mail transmission.	If verification is required please request a hard-copy version.
Wanna go ahead and print the tasking letter and I ll initial it?	Stephen,	Stephen,	Wanna go ahead and print the tasking letter and I ll initial it?
Please outline the Vulcan contract for Jeff and Jennifer.	Heidi:	Heidi:	Please outline the Vulcan contract for Jeff and Jennifer.
Please send me a hard copy.	This letter looks fine.	This letter looks fine.	Please send me a hard copy.
Kate, please check, deal 565759.01, I verballed the trade with APB on Friday			Kate, please check, deal 565759.01, I verballed the trade with APB on Friday 3/30/01 Enron Sells Idaho 4/2-4/2 220.00 total mw s400 sp 15
Can you please provide her with the best	John:. I will be here most of the week, and am looking forward to working with Niamh C. I will also check the availability of people in Vince K. group as well as Naveen Andrews in ours.. Regards. Bjorn H.. Bjorn, Niamh Clarke is going to come to houston from mon afternoon to friday next week to work on nVAR.. She developed VAR models for Mitsubishi and has lots of experience in this area.	She developed VAR models for Mitsubishi and has lots of experience in this area.	Can you please provide her with the best people we can from research and RAC so we can try and get a better understanding and more confidence in our model.
Please, give him my E-mail address or the phone number.	Grant,. No problem.	No problem.	Please, give him my E-mail address or the phone number.
Please respond no later than 10 a.m. on Wednesday, June 6.	Tana/Kelly/Karen:. The product long descriptions below will fall under the new product type: 20 US Crude WTI Fin Spd 20 Credit Tom Moran has approved copying the profiles for the new product ty pe 20 from the following:. US Crude WTI Fin Swap	US Crude WTI Fin Swap	Please respond no later than 10 a.m. on Wednesday, June 6.
daniel, could you please advise on what to do next.	vince, this e-mail is to request access to the o:/research/power meteorlogy/weather temps/txtemps.xls file... i was told by tech-support to e-mail you with this request and everything would get squared away.	vince, this e-mail is to request access to the o:/research/power meteorlogy/weather temps/txtemps.xls file... i was told by tech-support to e-mail you with this request and everything would get squared away.	daniel, could you please advise on what to do next.
please respond no later than October 6.	Associate Analyst Programs Y2K Survey. In an effort to solicit your feedback, the Associate and Analyst Programs are initiating a survey regarding program management, recruiting, HR, the PRC process and more.. We value your honest feedback and would appreciate you taking a few moments to complete the attached survey.. The survey responses will be sent directly to an outside party for compilation.	The survey responses will be sent directly to an outside party for compilation.	These results will be communicated to you by October 13 so please respond no later than October 6.
Please prepare necessary documents.			Dan, Please prepare necessary documents.
email me rest of expenses when you get a chance so I can write you a check	The entire phone bill is 300 pesos???. Yes, please fax to me.	Yes, please fax to me.	And please email me rest of expenses when you get a chance so I can write you a check for everything plane,phone, golf, etc., etc.
Important: Please provide confirmation number and positive	why did i get this?. This e-mail contains Southwest Airlines Ticketless Travel information and is being sent to you at the request of the Purchaser, Passenger, or individual responsible for arranging this air travel.. CONFIRMATION NUMBER. 7PNHN8	7PNHN8	Important: Please provide confirmation number and positive I.D.
Please respond.	Any updates on adding the correct legal name to this counterparty name?. Sam Stephanie,. It was my understanding with the EOL Team that all divisions would have the legal incorporated entity as part of the name.. Stephanie, I my preference is to kick their Password Application back and get them to change it to read something like Cargill Ferrous International, a division of Cargill, Inc. or Cargill, Inc. acting through its Cargill Ferrous International Division .. Any GCP adjustments will be highlighted in red.. Attn.. GCP London: There s a new EOL Counterparty listed in the UK.	GCP London: There s a new EOL Counterparty listed in the UK.	Please respond.
process, please call the PEP Help Desk at the following numbers:	NOTE: YOU WILL RECEIVE THIS MESSAGE EACH TIME YOU ARE SELECTED AS A REVIEWER.. You have been selected to participate in the Mid-Year 2000 Performance Management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee s that have been identified for you.. Your feedback plays an important role in the performance management process, and your participation is very critical to the success of Enron s Performance Management goals.. Please provide feedback on the employee s listed below by accessing the Performance Management System PEP and completing an online feedback form as described in the Performance Management Quick Reference Guide .. You may begin your feedback input immediately.. Please have all feedback forms completed by the date noted below.	Please have all feedback forms completed by the date noted below.	If you have any questions regarding PEP or your responsibility in the process, please call the PEP Help Desk at the following numbers:
Please also can you supply the last figure before you disappear!	Dear Vince and Grant,. Please find attached our butchering of your work only joking... .. We ve tied the chapter in with what has gone before and changed some of your notation so that it is consistent with ours.. Vince; could you please send thru the footnotes referred to in the chapter at your convenience.. Could you also please supply a full reference for Routledge, Seppi, Spatt 1999 .. Grant; I hope you don t mind we ve called PDJD just JD to fit in more with our work .	Grant; I hope you don t mind we ve called PDJD just JD to fit in more with our work .	Please also can you supply the last figure before you disappear!
Please provide the following lawyers with a guest ID to the above website.			Please provide the following lawyers with a guest ID to the above website.
email them to me and send the physical copy back to Laurel, not to Melissa.	Just to recap in writing....	Just to recap in writing....	When you are tracking faxed M-Deals, if you come across those that are not in Tagg or are in Tagg with an incorrect status, keep track of these numbers, email them to me and send the physical copy back to Laurel, not to Melissa.
Please review and approve or suggest changes.	Mark/Harry,. Attached is a copy of the website text.	Attached is a copy of the website text.	Please review and approve or suggest changes.
Please also provide me	Please find attached a copy of the latest revision of Change Order 1 to the Blue Dog contract with GE.. The attached letter from Jeff Darst is now gone, but GE is insisting that warranty language be included to the Change Order.. I ve talked to Jeff Darst about removing the language and had his verbal agreement that some of the language could be removed, but just received written comments back from him today with not only the same warranty wording, but some additional warranty language in Part III.. These changes would be added to Section 14.1.2 Warranty Clarifications in the contract.. Please review this Change Order and let me know if we can live with these warranty provisions.. Otherwise, we will need to talk directly to Jeff s attorney and commercial people to get it resolved.	Otherwise, we will need to talk directly to Jeff s attorney and commercial people to get it resolved.	Please also provide me with any additional comments so that I may route this Change Order for execution.
Please contact me or	On November 8th begining at HE 8 Tosco informed Real time that they were going off the grid with no return ETA.. They were scheduled in correctly for the day ahead at 7 MW.. We were able to take out hours 11-24 however, hours 8-10 we were short ex-post by the 7 MW.. Toscos schedule was zeroed out by decing short term cali load in PGE 3 per Jeff Richter.. Note to real time night shift.. Tosco may be coming back on line completely but as of yet they have not called back to notify when that may be.	Tosco may be coming back on line completely but as of yet they have not called back to notify when that may be.	Please contact me or Jeremy with any questions.
Please put me down for a	I would like to park in the new parking garage.	I would like to park in the new parking garage.	Please put me down for a yes to participate.
Please call me  34772 .			Please call me 34772 .
Please open the attached file to read the complete text of the following			Please open the attached file to read the complete text of the following items:
Please, call me next week.	Rick,. Thanks for your message.. I am familiar with the Computational Finance program and value its high quality.	I am familiar with the Computational Finance program and value its high quality.	Please, call me next week.
Please update me on the answer to the following e-mail.			Please update me on the answer to the following e-mail.
Please run us a copy.	Vince,. I ll see you around 8:45 in the morning.. Meanwhile, the attached file contains the latest draft of our questions.	Meanwhile, the attached file contains the latest draft of our questions.	Please run us a copy.
Please put on my calendar.			Please put on my calendar.
changes in strike-out-underline format and email back to me when you re	Steve:. Here s a word version of the MSA.. Sorry for the delay.	Sorry for the delay.	Could you make changes in strike-out-underline format and email back to me when you re done?
Please verify whether or not you emailed these to me yesterday as promised.	Jim:. As a follow up to our conversation of yesterday, please note the following:. 1 I have not received your comments to our blackline of EWEB s ISDA Schedule.. 2 I have not received your suggested language to the Deemed ISDA confirmation.	2 I have not received your suggested language to the Deemed ISDA confirmation.	Please verify whether or not you emailed these to me yesterday as promised.
To reserve a seat, please call Stephanie E. Taylor at	Seats fill up fast!	Seats fill up fast!	To reserve a seat, please call Stephanie E. Taylor at 5-7928 The cost is 25.00 Per Person No Shows will be charged 50.00 Please bring your Dow Jones Interactive login ID and password.
Can you please update the system with the following marketers?			Can you please update the system with the following marketers?
Make sure to check the calendar for upcoming events regularly	Dear IAFE Member:. I would like to take this opportunity to wish you a Happy New Year.. 2001 marks the 10 Anniversary of the IAFE and we will be celebrating with a Winter Gala at The Yale Club Ballroom on February 8th.. The Black Tie event will begin with cocktails at 6:00 and a sit down dinner at 7:30.. There will be dancing and festivities including war stories by IAFE Senior Fellows, a Silent Auction, and a Financial Engineering Retrospective, to name a few.. A special award will be presented to Myron Scholes for his work on the Black-Scholes Model.. For more information and to register for the event please go to http://www.iafe.org/whatsnew/gala2001.htm .. We are pleased to report that we had a very exciting and productive year with dozens of activities around the world.. As we enter our 10th year of operations, the IAFE has additional membership options available to you.. Please take a moment to renew your membership, if you have not done so: https://www.iafe.org/about/register.ihtml .. Based on member requests, a Premium Membership is now being offered that includes the Annual Conference at a 30 discount, the Financial Engineer of the Year dinner, plus a subscription to the Journal of Derivatives JOD .. The Full membership remains as in previous years.. The new Regular membership includes all Full membership benefits except JOD.. Membership is based on the calendar year January 1 - December 31, 2001.. Our website was recently updated, when you get a moment, please visit our web site.	Our website was recently updated, when you get a moment, please visit our web site.	Make sure to check the calendar for upcoming events regularly since we add to it frequently.
01; Please review the detail and let me know if you agree that the	Last month we briefly discussed a 306,900 variance between the general 20 ledger and the DPR for the management west book.. 01; I took an action item to 20 provide documentation of where I was seeing the value taken in the DPR back 20 in January 2001.. 01; Accordingly, the liquidation detail for post id 102621 0 is 20 in the attached file titled MGMTWST JAN LIQ .. 01; The issue is that it 01; appears 20 Deal QO9203.1 erroneously liquidated in the month of January at a value of 20 306,900 when the deal has a March term date and valued correctly in the 20 liquidations for that month creating a duplicate liquidation for the same 20 deal .	01; The issue is that it 01; appears 20 Deal QO9203.1 erroneously liquidated in the month of January at a value of 20 306,900 when the deal has a March term date and valued correctly in the 20 liquidations for that month creating a duplicate liquidation for the same 20 deal .	01; Please review the detail and let me know if you agree that the 20 expense was taken in error by the management west book in Jan, or if I have 20 picked up the incorrect post id, or if there is some other issue that I hav e 20 missed.
Please plan to attend a meeting that will provide an overview of the			Please plan to attend a meeting that will provide an overview of the Performance Management Process at Enron to those new hires that arrived in Logistics after our Mid Year Performance Process.
Can you help her with the Sun equipment?			Jarod: Can you help her with the Sun equipment?
Can you guys address this and try to implement some	Guys,. I know this is getting to the point of nagging, but the day guys are doing a BAD job of getting there stuff in the P L and Enpower.. We are having to spend too much time going back and researching tags and comparing enpower to P L and vice versa before we can even begin to checkout.. I spent two hours having to go through many deals in both books to figure out what happened before we could begin checkouts.. I understand some human errors occur - that s why we do checkout s but much of this I feel is just laziness and guys not paying attention.	I understand some human errors occur - that s why we do checkout s but much of this I feel is just laziness and guys not paying attention.	Can you guys address this and try to implement some steps to help correct this.
Please review and	Hi Darrin,. This is what Mark McCoy sent me about the Cornhusker Deal.	This is what Mark McCoy sent me about the Cornhusker Deal.	Please review and if there is anything else that Rita Wynne or I need to know about this deal, just shoot me an e-mail!
pls send the stack to...			pls send the stack to... Scott Halperin c/o Laurie Chod 159 Ladue Farm Road St. Louis, MO 63141 tel.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Jennifer Kruse kruse1110 insightbb.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please mark on your calendar.	Shirley,. I plan to take off the 3 days after Christmas for vacation, December 27, 28, and 29th.	I plan to take off the 3 days after Christmas for vacation, December 27, 28, and 29th.	Please mark on your calendar.
Effective immediately, please forward your updates for the SWAP Group			Effective immediately, please forward your updates for the SWAP Group calendar to Holly Keiser.
Can you please make a list of all the paths and files used to prepare the morning reports, including the VaR access database?	Biliana,. We are making sure this week that we have all the files we use listed to be moved to Netco.	We are making sure this week that we have all the files we use listed to be moved to Netco.	Can you please make a list of all the paths and files used to prepare the morning reports, including the VaR access database?
Please take a look and let Elizabeth know which price should be in Sitara.	We have a sale to Tractebel on CGAS with a price discrepancy.. This was a deal we took over from CES wholesale.. Here are the terms per the confirm Tractebel faxed us.. Sitara Deals: 158716/227890 the price in sitara is Tco Index.. Elizabeth faxed the confirm to me.. I will gladly give this to David.	I will gladly give this to David.	Please take a look and let Elizabeth know which price should be in Sitara.
Can you give him a  call and chat with him for 10 minutes.	Louise,. Some time ago I sent you a message regarding Ed Krapels.. He is writing a book on energy commodity markets and would like to learn more about EOL.	He is writing a book on energy commodity markets and would like to learn more about EOL.	Can you give him a call and chat with him for 10 minutes.
expenses incident to your trip to London, including hotel costs should you	I think this letter looks fine.. For the hororarium, I suggest we use whatever we paid Kudlow for his participation I believe Ken also entered into a consulting contract with Kudlow, but I m referring only to the one-time payment for the advisory council meeting he attended .. I INFORMALLY SOUNDED PAUL OUT, AND HE EXPRESSED AN INTEREST IF THE DATES WORK.. Possible letter to Paul Joskow from Ken Lay Dear Paul: As you may have heard, Enron has an advisory committee consisting of leaders in the academic and business communities list attached .. This committee meets twice each year, along with invited speakers on subjects of interest to Enron.. Top executives of our company do their best to attend.. Starting on the afternoon of October 30, and concluding late in the day on October 31, we will be meeting in London.. I was most impressed with your presentation at the Aspen Institute energy forum, and am hoping that you might consider joining our meeting to discuss Where do we go from here: how to preserve the momentum of deregulation after California.	I was most impressed with your presentation at the Aspen Institute energy forum, and am hoping that you might consider joining our meeting to discuss Where do we go from here: how to preserve the momentum of deregulation after California.	We would be delighted to cover business class travel costs and all other expenses incident to your trip to London, including hotel costs should you choose to extend your stay for several days.
Please respond to DownloadsDirectInsiders news.artistdirect.com	Forwarded by Randall L Gay/HOU/ECT on 01/21/2000 10:23 AM	Forwarded by Randall L Gay/HOU/ECT on 01/21/2000 10:23 AM	DownloadsDirect news.artistdirect.com on 01/20/2000 06:11:23 PM Please respond to DownloadsDirectInsiders news.artistdirect.com To: Randall L Gay/HOU/ECT ECT cc: Subject: Downloads Direct Tipsheet 1.20.00
Can you please make sure John receives these passwords?	Julie,	Julie,	Can you please make sure John receives these passwords?
Kim - Can you please prepare the offer package based on the above.	I just spoke to Lavo and he said the same thing.. We are planning on offering Willis an Associate position in East Power.. I propose we offer 75k salary with 25k sign-on.. We would require a 90 day evergreen non-compete and payback of 25k retention in the event he left within the the 1st year.	We would require a 90 day evergreen non-compete and payback of 25k retention in the event he left within the the 1st year.	Kim - Can you please prepare the offer package based on the above.
Please resolve the trades issues directly with	At the request of Anita Herrera, I am enclosing a copy of a list that shows the discrepancies that our records show from the list we were sent of trades to be assigned to J. Aron.	At the request of Anita Herrera, I am enclosing a copy of a list that shows the discrepancies that our records show from the list we were sent of trades to be assigned to J. Aron.	Please resolve the trades issues directly with Bob Bowen.
Please prepare a draft ENFOLIO per the attached for Colorado Springs Utilities.			Gerald, Please prepare a draft ENFOLIO per the attached for Colorado Springs Utilities.
Please review QU0179 in tagg stage and let me know if it looks alright.	Errol and George,	Errol and George,	Please review QU0179 in tagg stage and let me know if it looks alright.
you please email me a daily spreadsheet for COH/TCO Storage similar to what	Looks like we can no longer see our TCO storage balances on Navigator.	Looks like we can no longer see our TCO storage balances on Navigator.	Could you please email me a daily spreadsheet for COH/TCO Storage similar to what you do for AGL and Nipsco?
Take a look at this	Mike	Mike	Take a look at this
Laurel:  Will you please contact Treasury per Lynn s email below?			Laurel: Will you please contact Treasury per Lynn s email below?
Can you help us with this?	Thanks, Charles, for the information.. We need to show what utilities would have saved if they had hedged their positions.	We need to show what utilities would have saved if they had hedged their positions.	Can you help us with this?
Richard, please review and comment asap.			Richard, please review and comment asap.
Please review and let me know what changes are suggested.	Mary, I see that Phil Bair from JWorthan has responded to Phil DeMoes concerning the bond term.. No comments were made concerning the legal opinion for the legal counsel for the bond provider.. I was going to suggest that the contract language be modified to provide that the Company had a reasonable amount of time at the end of the lst 5 yr bond term to provide a substitute bond for the remaining term and that if the Company was able to get a replacement bond in place before the expiration of such period, no default would occur.. Can you tell from the letter that Phil Bair is proposing if their are any other issues that either ENRON or the Bond Provider would have concerning the terms of the Bond and the Customer s methods of getting funding thereunder.. This was forwarded to me by Phil DeMoes.. Dan,. Take a look at this letter prepared by our surety provider on the PEAK pre-pay.. In particular, note the last paragraph.. I m concerned on the unwind if there is a default.. We plan to meet tomorrow with Joe Deffner and Breese tomorrow morning.. Are you available?. FYI.. Phil-Attached is a first round draft of a reference letter for the PEAK project.	Phil-Attached is a first round draft of a reference letter for the PEAK project.	Please review and let me know what changes are suggested.
Q: Can you email me the plans?	NOTE: THIS IS AN ADVERTISEMENT FOR LEGAL TV DE-SCRAMBLER.. IF YOU HAVE NO INTEREST IN THIS INFORMATION PLEASE CLICK DELETE NOW.. THANK YOU-- LEGAL CABLE TV DE-SCRAMBLER Want to watch Sporting Events?--Movies?--Pay-Per-View??. You can assemble from electronic store parts for about 12.00.. We Send You: E-Z To follow Assembly Instructions.. E-Z To read Original Drawings.. Electronic parts lists.. PLUS SOMETHING NEW YOU MUST HAVE!. Something you can t do without.. THE UP-TO-DATE REPORT: USING A DESCRAMBLER LEGALLY Warning: You should not build a TV Descrambler without reading this report first.. Frequently Asked Questions--CABLE TV DESCRAMBLER Q: Will the descrambler work on Fiber, TCI, Jarrod A: The answer is YES.. Q: Do I need a converter box?. A: This plan works with or without a converter box.. Specific instructions are included in the plans for each!. Q: Can the cable company detect that I have the descrambler?. A: No, the signal descrambles right at the box and does not move back through the line!. Q: Do I have to alter my existing cable system, television or VCR?. A: The answer is no!. Q: Does this work with my remote control?. A: The answer is yes.. The descrambler is manually controlled--but very easy to use!	The descrambler is manually controlled--but very easy to use!	Q: Can you email me the plans?
Lin - please put on SFA file - thanks	FYI, Sara	FYI, Sara	Lin - please put on SFA file - thanks
Please email me	John, I think I have the wrong email address for your brother.	John, I think I have the wrong email address for your brother.	Please email me the correct one when you get a chance.
should occur, please copy the full text of the address and paste it into th	Step outside for some fresh air, lunch entertainment!. !. Visit the Big E Cafe this Friday and celebrate the 2001 Summer Splash !!. 20 Pappas will serve burgers and trimmings to the Latin beat of The Norma 20 Zenteno Band.. A Customized 2001 PT Cruiser will be raffled by the Sunshi ne 20 Kids.. Test your strength on the Sun Ski Sports Rock Climbing Wall.. In conjunction with National Employee Health Fitness Week and the Body 20 Shop s 15th Year Anniversary, the Body Shop will sponsor various activities 20 at the Big E Cafe Summer Splash.. These activities include:. ?. Complimentary Body and Soul Chair Massages 20 ?. Koala Health Care Muscle Analysis 20 ?. Blood Pressure Assessments 20 ?. Information about Enron s Travel Club and activities. The Big E Cafe is from 11:30am-1:00pm in Antioch Park and Lunch will cost 5 20 so SPLASH on by and have some fun!!. 20. Houston Astros Half-Price Ticket Offer Exclusively to Enron Employees!. The Houston Astros are excited to bring Enron employees an exclusive offer to 20 watch the Astros take on the San Diego Padres at Enron Field May 21 - 23, 20 2001.. Employees can purchase Upper Deck tickets for only 5 and Mezzanine 20 tickets for only 6!. This half price offer is available at 20 ticketmaster.com/jackpot/enron http://www.ticketmaster.com/jackpot/enron/ 20 beginning on Monday, May 14th at 9 AM and ending on Monday, May 21st at 3 P M.. To take advantage of this discount offer follow these instructions 1.. Click on the link above Please Note: The above hyperlink may not 20 retrieve the web page if the address extends to more than one line.	Click on the link above Please Note: The above hyperlink may not 20 retrieve the web page if the address extends to more than one line.	If this 20 should occur, please copy the full text of the address and paste it into th e 20 address box in your web browser.
Please copy the URL web address and paste it into your browser  Netscape, Internet Explorer, or AOL .	To validate your free ezboard.com account, please click on the URL web address below.. You will also receive a second email with your User Name and Password once you are validated.. If you are an AOL user or you do not see a link below:	If you are an AOL user or you do not see a link below:	Please copy the URL web address and paste it into your browser Netscape, Internet Explorer, or AOL .
Can you send me his resume?	Anurag,. I shall talk about Vikas to our IT people.	I shall talk about Vikas to our IT people.	Can you send me his resume?
Please carefully check the new reservation before cancelling your original	Darron,. Thank you for using the Alamo Rent A Car website to make your car rental reservation.. Your Confirmation Number is: PHONE . You will need this number to pick up your car, make any changes to, or cancel your reservation.. Please print this e-mail message or record the confirmation number to pick up your rental.. TO CANCEL OR MODIFY YOUR RESERVATION To view your reservation, follow this link: http://www.alamo.com/Default.asp?ConfirmationID PHONE LastName Giron PUMonth Year MAY-2001 PUDay 26 Page Res ResPage V. To modify your reservation, follow this link: http://www.alamo.com/Default.asp?ConfirmationID PHONE LastName Giron PUMonth Year MAY-2001 PUDay 26 Page Res ResPage M. To cancel your reservation, follow this link: http://www.alamo.com/Default.asp?ConfirmationID PHONE LastName Giron PUMonth Year MAY-2001 PUDay 26 Page Res ResPage C. You may use the Web site to modify your reservation by following the link provided above.. Please note that availability or pricing may have changed.	Please note that availability or pricing may have changed.	Please carefully check the new reservation before cancelling your original reservation.
Please point me to the defn of profit by cutting and pasting from wherever it	check out q and a 2 below.. Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 05/24/2001 02:13 PM. 1.. Need details re item 1 below.. Please suggest language band of acceptability, etc which I will massage and incorporate.. 6.. Do I have the latest draft of Marketing/Risk policies?. 7.. Bogey calc only addresses gas.. What if the fuel of choice is fuel oil?. Does the fuel cost and heat rate change?	Does the fuel cost and heat rate change?	Please point me to the defn of profit by cutting and pasting from wherever it is.
Please print in color for me.			Please print in color for me.
Since I don t yet have the file from my clients, please also send me the	Andrew,. This will confirm our telephone conference of yesterday.. Again, I will be your new contact at Enron in the above-referenced case.. You advised that Exmar, the disponent owner of the M/V SANTA CLARA, has made a demurrage claim against EGLI, who fixed the charter with Exmar, of approximately 165,000, arising out of the loading of a cargo of propane on the ship in March of 1991.. You also advised that EGLI has a counterclaim for recovery of deadfreight in the amount of approximately 150,000.. This matter has reportedly been only sporadically active over the many years since the claims were made, and is now ready to be set for an arbitration date.. You mentioned that Exmar s attorney had been unresponsive to your suggestion that the parties just drop their respective claims.. I understand that you feel this may be due to Exmar s attorney, rather than his client.. You further mentioned that you have read that some Enron entity is or has in the recent past entered into charters with Exmar.. It makes no sense for Enron and Exmar to pursue this matter further, given what you have told me.. My plan is to confirm that Enron has in fact a business relationship with Exmar that would allow us to go forward with a drop hands settlement.. If you retained the publication in which you read about the recent charters, I would ask that you send it to me immediately.	If you retained the publication in which you read about the recent charters, I would ask that you send it to me immediately.	Since I don t yet have the file from my clients, please also send me the correct spelling of Exmar s name at your earliest convenience.
Please prepare two executables for signature.	Mary, Kinder made some changes to our form which are attached below.. I am OK with their changes.	I am OK with their changes.	Please prepare two executables for signature.
Send your entries by email to sarah.palmer enron.com, by fax to 713-853-679	We re getting so many great stories that we ve extended the deadline for yo ur 20 Enron Business Extreme Enron entries to Wednesday, March 28!. Have no idea 20 what we re talking about?. Read on 01 Enron employees are famous for taking risks.. Is this an ingrained 20 characteristic?. Are we natural-born adrenaline junkies?. We think so, but we 20 want to find out from you.. If your idea of a good vacation is training for the Eco-Challenge, driving 20 monster trucks or assisting archeological digs in Siberia, tell us all abou t 20 it.. If you know of an employee who has an unusual pastime like missionary 20 work in the Congo, chasing tornadoes or filming sharks, we want to know.	If you know of an employee who has an unusual pastime like missionary 20 work in the Congo, chasing tornadoes or filming sharks, we want to know.	Send your entries by email to sarah.palmer enron.com, by fax to 713-853-679 0 20 or by mail to Sarah Palmer, Enron Public Relations, EB4703D, Houston, Texas 20 77002.
Please review and let me know if this is what you wanted.	This is the redline This is the clean	This is the redline This is the clean	Please review and let me know if this is what you wanted.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Ellen Appell 124 S. 16th Street Allentown, PA 18102 appelled apci.com. To Mr. Ken Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please change deal 583629  sale to Mirant on NFUL  to Market East.			Please change deal 583629 sale to Mirant on NFUL to Market East.
your trip so call me when you feel rested.			I am anxious to hear about your trip but I know that you are probably still trying to recuperate from your trip so call me when you feel rested.
Please take a look and let me know what you think.	I have taken a stab at a Legal Privacy Statement for the Broker version of EnronOnline.	I have taken a stab at a Legal Privacy Statement for the Broker version of EnronOnline.	Please take a look and let me know what you think.
Would you please provide me with your comments so that I  can forward			Leslie: Per our conversation, you mentioned that you had comments to the form of assignment to be executed by you, Lehman and Enron North America Corp.. Would you please provide me with your comments so that I can forward the same to Lehman?
Would you please prepare a CA between ENA and Petroglyph Energy Inc. my	Gerald,	Gerald,	Would you please prepare a CA between ENA and Petroglyph Energy Inc. my contact there is Craig Saldene, however the person on their side who will be signing the agreement is Robert C. Murdock President/CEO.
Please approve the purchase of two.	sorry, i left lou off of the message.. Lou, do we have any sort of policy on requests like this?. Lee Huber made the same request last year and we gave her the chair she only wanted one, however .. Norma, any thoughts?. Susan Scott would like authorization to order an Aeron chair for each of her offices - on 47 and 41.. This particular chair is designed to help with back problems, which she has.. Many people at Enron already have this type of chair, but we rarely, if ever, have a surplus because they are so popular.. The cost is 567.77 per chair plus tax.	The cost is 567.77 per chair plus tax.	Please approve the purchase of two.
Please RSVP to Susan Bohannon at  281  681-8317 or via	Thank you for your interest in attending the July 19 Information Break on 20 Back Up Child Care for Enron employees.. Due to the overwhelming response, 20 we have reached capacity in room 5C2 and can no longer accept RSVPs for thi s 20 event.. 20. The following activities are also designed to provide you with opportunitie s 20 to learn more about back up child care:. Information tables in the Enron Building Plaza July 20-21, July 27-28 11: 00 20 - 1:00 20 Open Houses at the Back up Child Care Center July 24-28 11:00 - 2:00. RSVPs are required.	RSVPs are required.	Please RSVP to Susan Bohannon at PHONE or via 20 email at sbohannon klcorp.com.
in error, please forward this message to members thestreet.com,	This advertisement has been sent to you by TheStreet.com because you are currently or within the last year have been a subscriber either free-trial or paid to one of our web sites, www.thestreet.com or www.realmoney.com.	This advertisement has been sent to you by TheStreet.com because you are currently or within the last year have been a subscriber either free-trial or paid to one of our web sites, www.thestreet.com or www.realmoney.com.	If you are not a current or former subscriber, and you believe you received this message in error, please forward this message to members thestreet.com, or call our customer service department at PHONE .
Please print out the  swap  documents for me ASAP.			Please print out the swap documents for me ASAP.
Please move all the following counterparties financial   natural gas trades only deals from ENA-FT-WT-SOCAL book to the BANKRUPTCY book:			Please move all the following counterparties financial natural gas trades only deals from ENA-FT-WT-SOCAL book to the BANKRUPTCY book: HESSENESER BRIDGELIGASMAR CONSUMERS CORNERSTPROL P IGIRES OCCIDENTENEMAR PRAXAIR PSEGENERES SEMPRAENETRA
Please answer these	Mark, How would the generator run if the PMT breaker tripped?. Normally, CB1 will trip for undervolatge due to lose of power.. Thanks. To cut to the chase....would CB1 fault the turbine when the PMT breaker tripped and if so then would the downtime or line out time availability hour counter be incremented?. If the PMT breaker trip doesn t always cause a given fault then is there any easy way SCADA data or site crew experience for us to estimate what percentage of the trips did fault the turbine offlline due to a downtime or line out fault?	If the PMT breaker trip doesn t always cause a given fault then is there any easy way SCADA data or site crew experience for us to estimate what percentage of the trips did fault the turbine offlline due to a downtime or line out fault?	Please answer these questions; we will then know what corrections, if any, we need to make to availability.
Please verify receipt at your earliest convenience.	Please handle.. Richard, below is a list of oc invoices sent to you for approval on 5/30/00.	Richard, below is a list of oc invoices sent to you for approval on 5/30/00.	Please verify receipt at your earliest convenience.
To reserve your tickets, please send check to Rose Rivera at 3AC-761 by June 25.	As requested.. Thanks, Donna. The Circus tickets have arrive and we still have some tickets available.. The following seats are available.. July 14 11:30 am Section 111 B1, 2, 3, 4, 5 E1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 G1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 H1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 Section 120 H13, 14 J12, 13, 14 K7, 8, 9, 10. July 21 11:30 am Section 123 R6, 7, 8, 9, 10 S8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14 U1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14. Dear Members:	Dear Members:	To reserve your tickets, please send check to Rose Rivera at 3AC-761 by June 25.
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.	Michael Wilson 1310 Turk St. 304 San Francisco, CA 94115 kinoidiot hotmail.com. To Mr. Lay,. I m writing to urge you to donate the millions of dollars you made from selling Enron stock before the company declared bankruptcy to funds, such as Enron Employee Transition Fund and REACH, that benefit the company s employees, who lost their retirement savings, and provide relief to low-income consumers in California, who can t afford to pay their energy bills.. Enron and you made millions out of the pocketbooks of California consumers and from the efforts of your employees.. Indeed, while you netted well over a 100 million, many of Enron s employees were financially devastated when the company declared bankruptcy and their retirement plans were wiped out.. And Enron made an astronomical profit during the California energy crisis last year.. As a result, there are thousands of consumers who are unable to pay their basic energy bills and the largest utility in the state is bankrupt.. The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	The New York Times reported that you sold 101 million worth of Enron stock while aggressively urging the company s employees to keep buying it.	Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron s underhanded dealings.
Please  indicate clearly in the manual	Mark, NWP was under the impression that adding the hours would improve the MAA calculation, and you are saying that it lowered the availability.. NWP was really more concerned with the reasoning behind the note.. NWP also asked for a written explanation of the current method of calculation.. I will make sure that any faults that are not normally associated with weather, but are related to a weather event will be noted on our monthly report.. Thanks.. The 3.8 hours was added to the January and not Febuary OH term for WTG 11.. The 3.8 hours was added back because the Emergency Oil Loss was interpreted by me to be a failure not directly due to the icing.. Icing alone shouldn t cause an emergency oil loss.. I Added it back in to prevent double counting of the turbine offlline.. If the oil loss indication was directly due to icing then we should lower the MAA availability for turbine 11 in January to correct for 3.8 hours.. Let me know what you want us to do.. For the future, we analysts will always assume that a failure that occurs during icing and that isn t reasonably due to icing alone will be treated as a separate independent failure.	For the future, we analysts will always assume that a failure that occurs during icing and that isn t reasonably due to icing alone will be treated as a separate independent failure.	Please indicate clearly in the manual log that a turbine failure or apparent failure was directly related to icing or other cause if the failure isn t obviously expected due to icing alone.
Please check with Cindy Stokes to see if she can tell you if there is going to be filing cabinets and where.			Nicole, Please check with Cindy Stokes to see if she can tell you if there is going to be filing cabinets and where.
Please take a look at the attached spreadsheet, we have over 500,000mmbtu as	Daren,	Daren,	Please take a look at the attached spreadsheet, we have over 500,000mmbtu as unaccounted for... O Neal 3-9686
Can you check on	Eric, Can you pull the FERC document cited below and print it out.. This is a footnote from one of the cases you sent earlier.	This is a footnote from one of the cases you sent earlier.	Can you check on this for us, too.
call me to discuss the cross default threshold.	We are ok with reciprocal website financials.	We are ok with reciprocal website financials.	Please have the counterparty call me to discuss the cross default threshold.
Please review and let me know if you have any	Sylvia, I have taken Brant Reves comments and incorporated them in the red-line mark-up of the EnergyOne Ventures BAC agreement.. Those changes are reflected in the attached document.	Those changes are reflected in the attached document.	Please review and let me know if you have any further changes which need to be made.
Please send out AES Corp books today to Glen Davis.			Please send out AES Corp books today to Glen Davis.
Go ahead and reduce their volume by 8 hours for that day.	Bob,	Bob,	Go ahead and reduce their volume by 8 hours for that day.
Please call or e-mail	FYI.. Jan, I know Shelley s out; I left her a voice mail.. I just received a call from Nancy Bagot informing me that FERC has issued a draft order suspending our proposed Transport Options tariff sheets until May 1, 2001 and accepting them subject to the outcome of a technical conference.. The technical conference is to take place within 120 days of the order and will address issues raised in protests.. I should be receiving a copy of the draft order soon.	I should be receiving a copy of the draft order soon.	Please call or e-mail me if you have questions.
Please send me your input by COB tomorrow, Friday, August 11, so I can	OK. Task Team Members: Attached is Draft 3 of the Summer Stakeholder letter.. It incorporates changes recommended by Jim Bannantine and Rick Shapiro.	It incorporates changes recommended by Jim Bannantine and Rick Shapiro.	Please send me your input by COB tomorrow, Friday, August 11, so I can finalize and forward to Dick.
Please respond to Thank you Louise.			Please respond to Thank you Louise.
Please advise of outcome ASAP.	ENA s bid for the package of 10,000 mmbtu/day from W Tx pool to PG E Topock is 2.03 for April - October time frame, 2.25 for the April - Jan.	ENA s bid for the package of 10,000 mmbtu/day from W Tx pool to PG E Topock is 2.03 for April - October time frame, 2.25 for the April - Jan.	Please advise of outcome ASAP.
Please forward this to all ETS lawyers.			Please forward this to all ETS lawyers.
Please delete the one sent to you yesterday.	Kay and Heather: Apparently the copy I emailed to you last night contained old text not shown as blacklining that went all the way back to the Santee Cooper form of contract even though when I open it on our system here and print it out here, it shows up perfectly fine and without any of the old text.. I ve tried saving the clean version to the system again and have attached it.. Heather, please check the sections you noticed before and see if they are okay this time.. If not, I ll try to get one of our Word experts to the extent anyone is!. to work on it and will fax it to you to use in the interim.	to work on it and will fax it to you to use in the interim.	Please delete the one sent to you yesterday.
Please ensure that you have provided an	TD Waterhouse is now accepting Conditional Offers to purchase shares of Fisher Scientific , which is expected to price on 2/11/2002.. To read the preliminary prospectus filed with the SEC and place a Conditional Offer, follow these steps: - Login to your account - Click on Trading IPO Center IPO Offerings. In the list of Current Offerings, select the offering you want and then click on the Continue button.. Important Information - Reaffirming Your Conditional Offer. Once the registration statement is declared effective by the SEC, we will contact you via e-mail to notify you of the effectiveness of the registration statement and the price as determined by the managing underwriter.. This normally occurs on the day prior to the first day of trading.. If you still wish to participate, you will be required to respond to us by 3:00 am ET of the following business day to reaffirm your previously submitted Conditional Offer.. Please note that the e-mail notification will likely be sent after the market closes.	Please note that the e-mail notification will likely be sent after the market closes.	Please ensure that you have provided an e-mail address that you are able to access after that time.
Please start forwarding these requests to myself and Darron Giron.	I just left you a voice mail and wanted to follow it up with an email regarding the termination of deals.	I just left you a voice mail and wanted to follow it up with an email regarding the termination of deals.	Please start forwarding these requests to myself and Darron Giron.
Susan:  would you please contact this party to see if they have comments?			Susan: would you please contact this party to see if they have comments?
Take a look and see what s in store for us this year at CBI s 3rd Annual Financing US Projects Conference.	http://www.cbinet.com/confinfo/logos/ PHONE .jpg KBC Bank. October 19, 2001. Dear Mr Mark Haedicke:. Lions.. tigers and bears and another conference .. .. .. oh no!. WAIT - don t be like me and just put this one with all the other junk e-mail you receive and we know where that goes.	WAIT - don t be like me and just put this one with all the other junk e-mail you receive and we know where that goes.	Take a look and see what s in store for us this year at CBI s 3rd Annual Financing US Projects Conference.
Please contact me should you have any other  questions.	calendar and meeting file. The following illustrious FERC group will be with us on 31 the morning of Dec. 7.. They have asked to have a demonstration in detail of EPMI s systems that track OASIS and market information.. Many of them have not seen EOL, so we need to show them that as well.. The fact that this group is made up of so many FERC office directors means that this visit comes at the request of the Chairman Hoecker.. They will be visiting Dynegy and El Paso later that day.. They are definitely interested in a good presentation from Enron, as we have given them in the past -- primarily because they met so many senior Enron executives.. It would be great if Dave Delainey or John Lavorato could also come by to meet them.. Thanks.. Donna:?. The following FERC Staff will be attending the meeting we requested at Enron HQ on December 7 at 8:00 am - 11:30 am:?. Daniel Larcamp head of Office of Market Tariff and Rates and Scott Miller s boss , Michael Herlihy Head of Finance, Accounting and Operations , Fernanda Young Chief Information Officer for FERC , Charles Whitmore head of Strategy and Organizational Management , George Godding works for Dan Larcamp--Manager of Information Technology , Scott Miller Director, Energy Market and Director of the Staff Investigations issued last month , Thomas Brownfield works for Scott Miller , and Karen Robinson in Strategy and Organizational Management .. ?	?	Please contact me should you have any other questions.
Pls print this page for me as	lets talk in am--did we pay SET to forgo their option on the Gallup space?????. ON the gross margin spreads mentioned in 3, do we hedge the fuel componenet or is that the customer s problem?	ON the gross margin spreads mentioned in 3, do we hedge the fuel componenet or is that the customer s problem?	Pls print this page for me as I can t. DF
Please call me to discuss.	Hi Ed - Here is a revised comprehensive summary of the firm transportation proposal between Red Cedar and Transwestern:. Term: 5 years, January 1, 2001through December 31, 2005. Year Volume Rate option fee 1 125,000 MMBtu/d 0.02/MMbtu/d 2 150,000 MMBtu/d 0.025/MMBtu/d 3 150,000 MMBtu/d 0.03/MMBtu/d 4 150,000 MMBtu/d 0.035/MMBtu/d 5 150,000 MMBtu/d 0.04/MMBtu/d. Option: Red Cedar shall have a one-time option to reduce its contract MDQ for contract years 4 - 5 to a volume between 100,000 MMBtu/d - 150,000 MMBtu/d.. Red Cedar may trigger this option anytime before November 30, 2003.. Option fee is an incremental one-tenth of one cent/MMBtu additive to the above quoted rates over the five year term.. Facility Modifications: The current cost estimate to increase the meter capacity from 200,000 MMBtu/d to 300,000 MMBtu/d at the Arkansas Loop Plant into Transwestern is 378,000.. Year 1 capacity of 125,000 MMBtu is dependent upon the completion of these facility modifications.. Red Cedar will fund these facility modifications by a one-time payment of 378,000 payable prior to Transwestern ordering material for the modifications .. In order to avoid the tax gross-up of approximately 130,000, the 378,000 will be amortized over the term of the contract and booked as pre-paid transportation fees.. The net effect of this will be zero because the slight increase/MMBtu which will show up on the monthly transportation invoice will be negated by the corresponding credit for the pre-paid transportation.	The net effect of this will be zero because the slight increase/MMBtu which will show up on the monthly transportation invoice will be negated by the corresponding credit for the pre-paid transportation.	Please call me to discuss.
I need about 15 minute to talk through a couple of CommodityLogic points that Tom and I reviewed this morning - mostly in relation to the  CommodityHub.   If you get a chance this evening or in the later afternoon tomorrow, please give me a call.			Mark -
please review and make changes on this email as you wish.	Gary, Listed below are the goals that i sent in for your financial trading group.	Gary, Listed below are the goals that i sent in for your financial trading group.	20 please review and make changes on this email as you wish.
Please call me with any questions.	Clement -- Attached are redlined and clean formats of 1 EPMI Amended and Restated Guarantee multicommodity, excepting power Agreement and 2 Enron Corp. Guaranty supporting wholesale power trading activities of EPMI which I am printing and sending to you in signature counterpart.. Please note in the last paragraph of the second guaranty referenced above that the earlier-issued guaranty of the same date is being superseded and cancelled upon issuance of item 2.	Please note in the last paragraph of the second guaranty referenced above that the earlier-issued guaranty of the same date is being superseded and cancelled upon issuance of item 2.	Please call me with any questions.
Please also contact the sender immediately and delete the original.	Take a look at attachment below for guidance in any discussion with Ristori 20 next Wednesday re Bush energy policy statement and comparative aspects of E C 20 green paper on sec.. of supply.. To remind you of what Loyola said on CNN 20 yesterday: - Agrees with need to re-evaluate role of nuclear plus future investment i n 20 it .. - Disagrees with weight given to supply side and indigenous sources, 20 compared with demand side and fuel diversity also from external sources?. - Disagrees with exclusion of climate change considerations.. 20. Forwarded by Peter Styles/LON/ECT on 06/01/2001 10:2 5 20 AM. Jan, please find a revised draft of the SoS paper following discussions wit h Peter.. I would be grateful if you could circulate it to the members of the electricity working group for comment by 30th April.. Likewise could you als o forward it to Ian Wood.. See attached file: efetsos.doc. Thanks Brian. DISCLAIMER. This E-mail is private and confidential and may be covered by legal professional privilege.. It is therefore only intended for the addressee s .. If you are not one of those persons you must not read, copy, store, disclose, use or distribute its contents.	If you are not one of those persons you must not read, copy, store, disclose, use or distribute its contents.	Please also contact the sender immediately and delete the original.
Give me a call and we will set something up.	I have been out of the office at the Orange Bowl game and have just returned within the last hour.. That probably would make next week better for me than this week.	That probably would make next week better for me than this week.	Give me a call and we will set something up.
at the agenda, please do so and let me know.	Ken::. Attached is the draft agenda and participant list for Davos.. Our Europe government affairs group felt that it would be best if you spoke on energy liberalization and globalization with gas and electricity rather than one of the other topics since it has more direct implications for our profit centers.	Our Europe government affairs group felt that it would be best if you spoke on energy liberalization and globalization with gas and electricity rather than one of the other topics since it has more direct implications for our profit centers.	If you would rather switch to another panel after you look at the agenda, please do so and let me know.
So BREAK go ahead and pencil me in for Mon and Tuesday the 13th and 14th.			Great - we will look forward to seeing you on the 13th and 14th.
Please run a report from the	I made some big changes to the index curves tonight.. Please run a new P L early in the morning in order to estimate what the changes in book value will be.. I will need to let John Lavorado know about the changes to the curves before we decide to book these tomorrow.	I will need to let John Lavorado know about the changes to the curves before we decide to book these tomorrow.	Please run a report from the transport model so that I may see the changes to the delivery points.
Please carefully review all awards before submitting for payment and	The Personal Best Award PBA program has been renamed Personal Achievement Award PAA program.. The following guidelines were reviewed with Stan:. -Eligibility - managers and above are not eligible to receive PAA awards -All awards require Division Head approval -The maximum award is 2,000 -Awards over 2,000 maximum require Chairman approval -Award amounts should be based on organizational impact -Unspent PAA dollars can not be added to the bonus pool Your 2000 PAA pool and year-to-date spending are as follows:. 2000 Pool Allocation 20,035 YTD Spending 1,500 Balance 18,535. A detail report of the awards processed year to date will be sent via interoffice mail today.	A detail report of the awards processed year to date will be sent via interoffice mail today.	Please carefully review all awards before submitting for payment and processing.
please email them to me as well?	Gary,. I have also been speaking to Johnnie Brown in San Antonio to be the general contractor.. According to Johnnie, I would not be pay any less buying from the factory versus purchasing the panels through him since my site is within his region.. Assuming this is true, I will work directly with him.. I believe he has sent you my plans.. They were prepared by Kipp Flores architects.. Can you confirm that the price is the same direct from the factory or from the distributor?	Can you confirm that the price is the same direct from the factory or from the distributor?	If you have the estimates worked up for Johnnie will you please email them to me as well?
Please give me your expectations as well.	Brian, please give me your thoughts via e -mail asap.. I believe this will be the most effective tool.	I believe this will be the most effective tool.	Please give me your expectations as well.
In preparation for our discussion tomorrow, can you run VAR numbers for some			Vlady: In preparation for our discussion tomorrow, can you run VAR numbers for some mini-portfolios:
Please respond to virginia clarkfineart.com	Virginia,. Thanks for the update.. I will not have an opportunity to talk with you right now.. I am in Tokyo and my next destination may change due to business events in the middle east.. I am very interested in acquiring Blue note, however, I do want to know more about the price.. I was close to locating one via a gallery via ebay for a lot less.. Also, your price was 4,500 for the same piece framed.. Is there room on the price if I give you a firm commitment.. The ebay price is significantly discounted but they are not ready to close the deal yet either.. If you can t get them down on the price, it is worth me chasing down the other option for a while.. Please let me know via email and I will attempt to be responsive via odd time zones.. Thanks, mike	Thanks, mike	Virginia E. Repasky virginia clarkfineart.com on 09/25/2000 11:04:57 PM Please respond to virginia clarkfineart.com To: Mike.McConnell enron.com cc: Subject: Re: Lichtenstein s Blue Note
Please set up for Jan 1 start	Done.. Deal 210603. I just plugged/fugged/guessed at the demand charge.. When Dana does her voodoo stuff, this deal will show up.. Ms. Franklin, this might be my last contract to set up he he he evil snicker!. .. - ASAP for billing purposes. Hey Chris, CES/CNR Contract 515.. Can you set this up just like the other CNR contracts that you have set up in the past..	Can you set this up just like the other CNR contracts that you have set up in the past..	Please set up for Jan 1 start date.
Please check back with this site for future updates on plans for the new trading platform.	OK - here s the sort of thing I am thinking of still needs Kal s magic .. I suspect you were thinking of a pop-up notice.. Given that we aren t really showing anything on EnronOnline at the moment, I suggest we take down EnronOnline entirely and replace it with a splash page which says something like the following:. COMING SOON. Enron is working with potential industry partners to assemble a new venture which will combine Enron s trading and market - making expertise with the financial strength and reliability of an A rated entity.. Upon formation of this new company, we anticipate that we will be able to announce the launch of a new trading platform for North American gas and power, providing services similar to those previously available on EnronOnline.	Upon formation of this new company, we anticipate that we will be able to announce the launch of a new trading platform for North American gas and power, providing services similar to those previously available on EnronOnline.	Please check back with this site for future updates on plans for the new trading platform.
Please take a few minutes to participate in this survey.	Dear World Investor Link User:. World Investor Link invites you to improve investor relations by casting your vote for the 7th Annual Investor Relations Magazine U.S.. Awards, held in association with Barron s.. We want to know what sophisticated individual investors think about the current financial market environment.. Important developments have taken place to make the marketplace more individual-investor friendly.. U.S. corporations, now recognizing the importance of individual investors, have made information that was formerly available only to the professional institutional investor, available to you.. But some corporations do a better job in making their corporate information accessible and useable for the individual investor.. We want to know which U.S. corporations, in your opinion, are the best at communicating with the individual investor.. The companies that receive the most votes will be recognized at the Investor Relations U.S. 2002 Awards.	The companies that receive the most votes will be recognized at the Investor Relations U.S. 2002 Awards.	Please take a few minutes to participate in this survey.
Please print this e-mail message or record the	Phillip,. Thank you for using the Alamo Rent A Car website to make your car rental reservation.. Your Confirmation Number is: PHONE . You will need this number to pick up your car, make any changes to, or cancel your reservation.	You will need this number to pick up your car, make any changes to, or cancel your reservation.	Please print this e-mail message or record the confirmation number to pick up your rental.
PLease look into the title change we discussed.			PLease look into the title change we discussed.
Please give me a call after you have had a chance to	Laurie,. Thanks for your call.. Attached is a redline version incorporating ENA and Cabot s revisions.	Attached is a redline version incorporating ENA and Cabot s revisions.	Please give me a call after you have had a chance to review same.
Also, please make note to change the definition	Susan,. Per my earlier e-mail, we have finalized the credit terms for this ISDA see attached credit worksheet .	Per my earlier e-mail, we have finalized the credit terms for this ISDA see attached credit worksheet .	Also, please make note to change the definition for Net Worth that used in the drafts.
please send your exception time to Taffy Milligan.			I will be on vacation when time sheets are due Tuesday, May 15 ; therefore, please send your exception time to Taffy Milligan.
please forward to all in our group.			please forward to all in our group.
Please can you send this through/resend.	Tana,. I have just been through the confirms and we have i the currency swap, ii the interest rate swap, iii and the PPI swap. but we did not receive the commodity swap fixed for floating UK power prices .	but we did not receive the commodity swap fixed for floating UK power prices .	Please can you send this through/resend.
Please prepare an amendment to the existing ISDA Master Agreement between Merced Irrigation District and ENA dated 3/25/99.	Swaps Legal Team:	Swaps Legal Team:	Please prepare an amendment to the existing ISDA Master Agreement between Merced Irrigation District and ENA dated 3/25/99.
Please forward responses directly to:  Chris Clark/NA/ENRON and myself.	FYI. Hey guys, We re talking to a contractor s that can build us a weather station hopefully very quickly for placement in Sacramento, California.. For a variety of legal, contractor, and operational reasons, I need to confirm some of the following requirements as soon as possible so we can proceed:. a You need rainfall, snowfall, and temperature measurement from one, high-accuracy commercially available weather station.. b You need a daily feed of this data to Enron s weather desk: Does this mean one data dump at a set time per day?. Alternatively, will you need to check the data real-time, perhaps at varying and multiple times during the day?. c We will be installing this station near Sacramento, California: We will need to know exactly what areas in/near Sacramento are suitable for the site of the weather station.. What again was the name of the town that you mentioned Mark?. In the interest of time, I recommend that your weather expert accompany our landman to select the site, which will allow our landman to more quickly lease and install the station.. d You desire to have some independent security measures to deter or detect tampering.. I suggest given the very short time fuse, that we first install the station and then develop security measures.. e We will feed the data directly to the Enron weather desk.. Will any other parties require real-time access to this data?	Will any other parties require real-time access to this data?	Please forward responses directly to: Chris Clark/NA/ENRON and myself.
Jim - please confirm.	Yes - I m pretty sure.	Yes - I m pretty sure.	Jim - please confirm.
Kindly review their form and provide any comments it any.	Gerald!. We are trying to establish credit for future transactions with the listed counterparty.. I forward to them a format of our guaranty Bridgeline Gas Marketing, LLC and attached is their format.. The proposed reciprocal amount is 5.00MM.	The proposed reciprocal amount is 5.00MM.	Kindly review their form and provide any comments it any.
PLEASE RESPOND TO THE BELOW REQUEST ASAP			TEXAS FINANCE FESTIVAL ATTENDEE PLEASE RESPOND TO THE BELOW REQUEST ASAP
Can you call back the restaurant and switch our reservation to	We ve picked up two more diners for La Fogata in San Antonio, Andrea Calo and Yao Apasu.	We ve picked up two more diners for La Fogata in San Antonio, Andrea Calo and Yao Apasu.	Can you call back the restaurant and switch our reservation to two tables of 8 people, instead of one table of 14.
Could you please add the listed individuals from Federal Government Affairs	yes -- just make sure the working group leaders know.. SK - STILL OK TO KEEP ADDING PEOPLE?. mm. Elizabeth, Ginger or Maureen I apologize that I don t know which one of you is handling this issue :	Elizabeth, Ginger or Maureen I apologize that I don t know which one of you is handling this issue :	Could you please add the listed individuals from Federal Government Affairs to the following working groups, as selected by Joe Hillings:
Please provide feedback on the employee s  listed below by accessing the	NOTE: YOU WILL RECEIVE THIS MESSAGE EACH TIME YOU ARE SELECTED AS A REVIEWER.. You have been selected to participate in the Mid-Year 2000 Performance Management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee s that have been identified for you.. Your feedback plays an important role in the performance management process, and your participation is very critical to the success of Enron s Performance Management goals.	Your feedback plays an important role in the performance management process, and your participation is very critical to the success of Enron s Performance Management goals.	Please provide feedback on the employee s listed below by accessing the Performance Management System PEP and completing an online feedback form as described in the Performance Management Quick Reference Guide .
Pls print and hold for my Thurs meeting.			Pls print and hold for my Thurs meeting.
If for some reason there is a problem with your appointed time please send Tracy Geaccone or myself an email.			If for some reason there is a problem with your appointed time please send Tracy Geaccone or myself an email.
copy, use or disclose this communication to others; also please notify the	This message and any attachments are intended for the individual or entity named above.	This message and any attachments are intended for the individual or entity named above.	If you are not the intended recipient, please do not read, copy, use or disclose this communication to others; also please notify the sender by replying to this message, and then delete it from your system.
Please check with	The original schedule was 50 MW s TEP GEN PV EPE XCHANGE - EPMI - SRP-MIRANT-CISO T PVD/SP15.. Mirant was cut by the CISO 25 mw HE 1-6, 8 mw HE 23, and 25 mw HE 24.. Please refer to Mirant tag 3316 for this revised schedule.. Mirant owes us a sink for 25mw HE 1-6, 8mw HE 23, and 25mw HE 24 and has decided to provide the sink on a real-time basis.	Mirant owes us a sink for 25mw HE 1-6, 8mw HE 23, and 25mw HE 24 and has decided to provide the sink on a real-time basis.	Please check with Mirant to assure they have a sink for these hours.
Chris I have thursday off so give me a call and I will go with you  home:			Chris I have thursday off so give me a call and I will go with you home: PHONE , cell PHONE .
Please send them to Mary Clark by e-mail, fax  713-853-6790  or	Please join us at an all-employee meeting at 10 a.m. Tuesday, Oct. 3, in the Hyatt Regency s Imperial Ballroom.. We will review our financial and operating highlights and discuss in more detail the strategy behind Enron Net Works and our wholesale marketing efforts.. The meeting will be streamed live on IP-TV to employees in Houston, Omaha, Portland, New York, Calgary, Toronto, London, Stockholm, Frankfurt and Amsterdam.. For the first time, we will broadcast the meeting via video teleconference to employees in Sao Paulo, Rio de Janeiro, Buenos Aires and San Juan.. As always, we welcome your questions and will answer any questions submitted in advance.	As always, we welcome your questions and will answer any questions submitted in advance.	Please send them to Mary Clark by e-mail, fax PHONE or interoffice mail EB4704C .
Please look us up some	Bitching is what I do, so I will continue to bitch.	Bitching is what I do, so I will continue to bitch.	Please look us up some sports bar near Texarkana so I can watch some NFL action after I kick your butts at golf.
Please call the EWS Development Center  X 3-0357.	You re invited to search and register:. Tuesday, March 6. Investinme.enron.com is a new tool to help you manage your professional development.. It brings together the listings of internal programs, as well as access to a database of external programs, on-line courses and materials. Double Click and select launch.. Web site demonstrations EB 568 on March 5, from 1-5 PM every hour , and March 6, from 9-5 every hour. Questions?	Questions?	Please call the EWS Development Center X 3-0357.
To subscribe to the list by email, send a blank message to:	/-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.- Earn your degree FAST.. Earn your degree in as little as 8 months while taking online classes at your convenience.. AIU Online offers a variety of Business Administration and Information Technology programs.. Point your career upward with AIU Online.. http://quinst.com/clk/dantottsutoureinomeda. a href http://quinst.com/clk/dantottsutoureinomeda AOL users click here -.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-/. Word of the Day for Friday March 29, 2002:. nonagenarian non-uh-juh-NAIR-ee-uhn; no-nuh- , noun: A ninety year old person; someone whose age is in the nineties.. There seemed to be relatively few 1 octogenarians and nonagenarians alive in the early 1930s.. Contrast that with my current practice, in which I see a great number of patients in their eighties and nineties.. --Stephen L. Richmond, Tales from the Death Certificate, Physician Assistant, January 1999. Good health is essential, of course--a gift that none of these nonagenarians, having outlived friends and loved ones, takes for granted.. --Roy Huffman, Working Past 90, 2 Fortune, November 13, 2000. Nonagenarian derives from Latin nonagenarius, containing or consisting of ninety, from nonageni-, ninety each , ultimately from novem, nine, as in November, originally the ninth month of the old Roman calendar.. References. 1. http://www.dictionary.com/search?q octogenarian 2. http://www.fortune.com/. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. You are currently subscribed to Dictionary.com Word of the Day as: matt.motley enron.com	You are currently subscribed to Dictionary.com Word of the Day as: matt.motley enron.com	To subscribe to the list by email, send a blank message to: join-WordoftheDay lists.lexico.com
Can you please help me to resolve this ASAP.			Can you please help me to resolve this ASAP.
Can you please change the bottom start/end date to reflect 11/21 - 11/30.			Can you please change the bottom start/end date to reflect 11/21 - 11/30.
Please respond to  cbpres austin.rr.com			George Richards cbpres austin.rr.com on 03/13/2001 11:29:49 PM Please respond to cbpres austin.rr.com To: Phillip Allen pallen enron.com , Keith Holst kholst enron.com cc: Larry Lewter LLEWTER austin.rr.com , Claudia L. Crocker clclegal2 aol.com Subject: Bishops Corner, Ltd.
Please notice the updated format.			Please notice the updated format.
pls print for me.			pls print for me.
Please let her know once a final order	man, do i OWE you a phone call.. please don t hold it against me.. sort of well, you know, a little nuts right now.. but i will reconnect.. i promise.. SCE is awaiting a commission order to auction off its SO2 credits.. Janel Guerrero is very interested in this.	Janel Guerrero is very interested in this.	Please let her know once a final order is issued.
Please review and let me know your thoughts on their comments.			Please review and let me know your thoughts on their comments.
please take a few minutes today to fill out Enron s annual employee feedbac	Forwarded by Scott Neal/HOU/ECT on 10/20/2000 09:06 AM 20. Is available: through Friday, Oct. 27 Is located at: survey.enron.com. You only have one more week to check your pulse.	You only have one more week to check your pulse.	Your input is crucial, so 20 please take a few minutes today to fill out Enron s annual employee feedbac k 20 survey.
Julie  - could you also forward me this agreement assuming you have it?	I do have a copy of those.. Please provide me with a copy of the new one when it s signed.. Thanks for your help!. Paul, We are just about to get the long-term agreement with Arthur Andersen signed.. I will attach the latest version of this, which we are waiting for AA to give final approval and assign .. We do have the short term agreement that was signed to provide the audit of the price reports from Nov. 1-30.. I believe Tana does have a copy of this contract.. Tana- I think Claudia Clark also has a copy .. Let me know if you would like to see that copy as well.. Thanks.. Julie. Tana - we also have an agreement that has either been signed or is about to be signed with Arthur Andersen whereby they provide audit services for our EnronOnline Price Reports aka indices .. Julie Ferrara should have this agreement if one of them hasn t already sent it to you.	Julie Ferrara should have this agreement if one of them hasn t already sent it to you.	Julie - could you also forward me this agreement assuming you have it?
If your request is urgent please send me an email and tell me so.	I will be out of the office until Monday the 7th of January.	I will be out of the office until Monday the 7th of January.	If your request is urgent please send me an email and tell me so.
Could you please make every effort to get with Amy Baird	Dan and Jeff,. Ormet would like to finalize this transaction by the end of this week Friday, Nov 17 .	Ormet would like to finalize this transaction by the end of this week Friday, Nov 17 .	Could you please make every effort to get with Amy Baird to resolve those two legal issues from her Oct 13th memo items 3 4 .
try and answer these tomorrow, so please write down your answers to each	Here are the questions from Allegheny regarding the Gleason plant.	Here are the questions from Allegheny regarding the Gleason plant.	We will try and answer these tomorrow, so please write down your answers to each question and fax back to me at PHONE .
Kara/Heidi, please give this to Brian and Melissa.			Kara/Heidi, please give this to Brian and Melissa.
Please have him e-mail it to me at Karen.Marshall Enron.com	Karen,. The total of 5 offers.. I sent you 2 CVs electronically, 2 hard copies to Charlene.. Paulo s resume will follow.. Vince. Vince,. Do you want 3 offers extended or 5?. I just noticed that you plan to fax two additional resumes.. If so, when can I expect the additional resumes?. Karen. Vince,. I will handle the offer letters for the candidates.. I have the resumes for Darten Williams and Sevil Yaman.. I know you only provided the e-mail memo for Paulo Rocha, but I really need his resume in order to capture the necessary information for his offer letter.	I know you only provided the e-mail memo for Paulo Rocha, but I really need his resume in order to capture the necessary information for his offer letter.	Please have him e-mail it to me at Karen.Marshall Enron.com
